Beijing Tuxun Fengda Information Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") is entrusted by Toyota Motor (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "us" or "Lexus China") as the operator to provide users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") with Lexus brand vehicles (hereinafter referred to as "vehicles") related services (hereinafter referred to as "services") through the eLexusClub smartphone application (hereinafter referred to as the "App").
We take your privacy and the protection of your personal information very seriously. When you use our products and/or services, we may collect and use your relevant information, please be sure to carefully read, fully understand and agree to accept the "eLexusClub Smartphone App Personal Information Collection and Use Rules" (hereinafter referred to as the "Rules"), especially the terms marked in bold.
The simplified version of these Rules mainly explains to you the types and business scenarios in which we collect and use your personal information within the necessary scope, as well as the basic rules for our processing of your personal information. If you would like to know more about the full range of scenarios in which we may collect and use your personal information, as well as all the rules for how we process your personal information, please refer to the "eLexusClub Smartphone App Personal Information Collection and Use Rules" attached herein.
1. How we collect and use your personal information
(1) You need to authorize us to collect and use your personal information in the following business scenarios in order to provide services to you; If you do not provide relevant personal information, you will not be able to enjoy the corresponding services.
1. Vehicle-related services
(1) Member registration: You need to register an account with this APP first. When you register, you will need to provide us with your own mobile phone number, and we will send you an SMS verification code to verify that your identity is valid. For car owners, you need to provide your name, mobile phone number, and ID number (ID card, or passport, or military ID, or Hong Kong and Macao residence permit) to verify the identity of the car owner.
(2) Vehicle use: If you bind the vehicle to the APP and turn on the vehicle-related functions, you can view the information on the opening/closing or locked/unlocking status of the doors, windows, sunroof, front cover, trunk, and headlights obtained from your vehicle terminal by the APP, as well as the vehicle's historical driving records, including mileage, energy consumption, driving time, average speed, vehicle health diagnosis report, and intelligent driving score, and provide you with the function of controlling the relevant status of the vehicle through the APP.
2. Based on security guarantees
, in order to protect the security of your account and transactions, we will collect and process your immutable device identification (hardware serial number, network device identifier), variable device identification (Android ID, IP address), basic device information, basic hardware information, operating system and software version information, device status, and network status according to the needs of network operation security in accordance with the law, and will use your permission to store it. We will also use the aforesaid information to prevent all kinds of illegal use or infringement of legitimate rights and interests.
(2) We will collect the corresponding information in the following scenarios, if you do not provide it, you will not be able to use the corresponding services, but it will not affect the basic functions of the APP.
When you activate the electronic warranty manual function, you need to provide your name, address, zip code, and mobile phone number; When you use the vehicle authorization function, in order to verify the identity of the owner and authorized person, you need to provide the name, phone number, and ID number of the owner and authorized person; When you make a maintenance reservation through the APP, you need to provide your name and phone number.
(3) Most of the above-mentioned personal information is provided to us by you on your own initiative, and some of them are obtained by us through SDKs and similar technologies when you use our products or services.
II. How We Share Your Personal Information
Please understand that we cannot provide you with all the services alone, and in many cases we need to provide you with services together with our affiliates and other service providers, so in order to meet the needs of providing you with the above services, we need to share and provide some of your personal information to our affiliates, suppliers, partners and other third parties. We will take necessary technical and administrative measures to protect the security of your personal information.
You can check the collection and use of your personal information by relevant business functions through the "Personal Information Collection and Use List".
You can use the System Permission Application and Usage List to view the application for the use of your device access permissions for relevant business functions.
You can view the collection and use of your personal information by third-party SDKs through the List of Third-Party Sharing of Personal Information.
3. How do you manage your personal information?
You can update your personal information and close your account. If you have problems managing your personal information, you can contact us. However, please understand that we may not be able to fully meet your request due to the fulfillment of legal and regulatory obligations or the necessity of our services.
IV. Protection of Personal Information of Minors
1. We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information, and we will not actively collect their personal information directly from minors.
2. If you find that you have inadvertently provided us with the personal information of a minor, please contact us. We will try to delete the relevant personal information as soon as possible.
5. How to contact us
1. If you have any complaints, reports, questions, comments or suggestions about these rules or your personal information, please contact us through the following ways.
Company Name: Beijing Tuxun Fengda Information Technology Co., Ltd
. Registered Address: Room
2208, 22nd Floor, Block A, Building A, Yard 1, Yard 19, Ronghua Middle Road, Beijing Economic and Technological Development Zone, BeijingOffice Address: Southeast
of the intersection of Yongfeng Road and Beiqing Road, Haidian District, BeijingWe have set up a full-time personal information protection department. You can contact it in the following ways: 010-84299088 (office hours: Monday to Friday excluding holidays 9:00-18:00)
[Lexus customer service center telephone: 400-810-2772 (mobile) / 800-810-2772 (landline)].
2. Under normal circumstances, we will reply within 15 working days. If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially if our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you may also file a complaint or report to the regulatory authorities such as cyberspace, telecommunications, public security, and industry and commerce.
eLexusClub Smartphone App Personal Information Collection and Use Policy

Version updated on May 14, 2024
Version release date: May 14, 2024
Beijing Tuxun Fengda Information Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") is entrusted by Toyota Motor (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "us" or "Lexus China") as the operator to provide users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") with Lexus brand vehicles (hereinafter referred to as "vehicles") related services (hereinafter referred to as "services") through the eLexusClub smartphone application (hereinafter referred to as the "App").
Please read the following "Rules for the Collection and Use of Personal Information of the eLexusClub Smartphone App" (hereinafter referred to as the "Rules") carefully before you choose to use the App.
If you agree to accept all the terms of this Rules, please select "Agree" in the pop-up window. The foregoing behavior means that you have read and fully understood the terms and conditions of these Rules, accepted all the terms of these Rules, and agreed to the collection and use of your personal information by the Company in accordance with these Rules. Such a contract shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as any other way (including but not limited to signature or seal confirmation) to accept these Rules.
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, you can contact the Company or Lexus China through the following contact information:
Company Name: Beijing Tuxun Fengda Information Technology Co., Ltd
. Registered Address: Room
2208, 22nd Floor, Block A, Building 1, Yard 1, Ronghua Middle Road, Beijing Economic and Technological Development Zone, BeijingOffice Address: Southeast of the intersection of Yongfeng Road and Beiqing Road, Haidian District, Beijing
We have set up a dedicated personal information protection department, you can contact it in the following ways: 010-84299088 (office hours: Monday to Friday excluding holidays 9:00-18:00)
Lexus customer service center telephone: 400-810-2772 (mobile) / 800-810-2772 (landline)
This rule will help you understand the following:
1. Collection and Use
of Users' Personal Information2. Personal Information
to be Collected and Used by the Service3. How We Entrust the Processing, Sharing, Transfer, and Public Disclosure of Your Personal Information4
. Exceptions
to Obtaining Prior Authorization and Consent for Sharing, Transferring, and Publicly Disclosing Information5. Your rights6
. How We Process the Personal Information
of Minors7. How We Hold Your Information8
. Transfer
of Personal Information9. How these Rules are updated10
. How to contact us
Article 1 Collection and Use of Users' Personal Information
1. When you use the Service, we may collect and use your personal information. All our collection and use of your personal information will be carried out in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the provisions of these Rules. If Lexus China has agreed with you on the collection and use of your personal information in the product/service application platform, user terms or other legally binding agreements or contracts, the application of the aforementioned agreement shall take precedence over these Rules; Matters not covered by the aforesaid agreement shall still be subject to these Rules.
2. We always attach great importance to the protection of your personal information and privacy. When you use the APP, we may collect and use your personal information. All our collection and use of your personal information will be carried out in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the provisions of these Rules.
3. The term "personal information" as used in these Rules refers to all kinds of information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or by other means. "Sensitive personal information" as used in these Rules refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, could easily lead to the infringement of a natural person's personal dignity or the endangerment of their personal or property safety. For sensitive personal information, we use the writing method of "bold + underline" to make a special reminder, and we hope that you will pay special attention when reading. We will obtain your separate consent before processing your sensitive personal information, provided that there is no statutory exemption.
Article 2 Personal Information to be Collected and Used by the Service
We will use your personal information to provide you with corresponding business functions in the APP. The App contains functions for vehicle owners (hereinafter referred to as "vehicle owners") and functions for users who are not vehicle owners (hereinafter referred to as "vehicle owners"), and the collection and use of personal information by each of them includes:
1. Account Registration, Login and VerificationWhen
you register in the App, in order to complete the registration process, we will collect your name, mobile phone number, and ID number (ID card, or passport, or military ID, or Hong Kong and Macao residence permit) for car users. For car-free users, we will collect your mobile phone number. The process data generated during the registration process will be retained in the G-BOOK Center operated by Lexus China's group companies. If you do not provide your mobile phone number, you may not be able to register an account in this APP; If you do not provide your name and ID number, you may not be able to authenticate your car owner and use certain products and services related to your vehicle.
When you log in to the APP, in addition to choosing a password to log in, you can also use your fingerprint or face unlock to log in. In order to complete the fingerprint login and Face Unlock login, we will use your fingerprint, face recognition information, and FaceID, and you will need to operate on a mobile phone that supports Face Unlock and fingerprint settings. You can also choose not to enable Face Unlock or fingerprint recognition.
When you activate the user cloud file or change the phone number of the App after activating the user cloud file, in order to ensure the normal use of the user cloud file function, we will share your phone number with the Alibaba Cloud environment CIAM center and will not transfer it to the outside of China. In order to better protect your data and provide you with safe and convenient services, we have also signed privacy service agreements with the above platforms. If you choose not to activate the user cloud file, it will not affect the basic functions of the APP.
When you apply for G-BOOK or LEXUS Connect (hereinafter referred to as "Lexus Connect"), we will collect your name, gender, date of birth, ID number (ID card, or passport, or military ID, or Hong Kong and Macao residence permit), current address, postal code, and contact number in order to complete the service application and provide you with relevant services after your application is successful. In order to provide invoices, we will collect your invoice title, recipient, contact number, mailing address, zip code. The process data generated by you during this process is retained in the G-BOOK Center operated by Lexus China's group companies. According to the requirements of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the People's Republic of China, your name and ID number (ID card, or passport, or military ID, or Hong Kong and Macao residence permit) provided by you when applying for the Chi Heng Connect serviceThe number of the IoV card carried by the vehicle, the name and contact number registered on the IoV card will be transmitted to the telecommunications company to complete the real-name registration management, and you will need to open access to the mobile phone photo album, camera, microphone, make calls and store the permission for identity authentication. If you do not provide the above information and permissions, you will not be able to activate the G-BOOK or LEXUS Connect services, but the basic functions of the App will not be affected.
Ganghong Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Ganghong") is entrusted by Toyota Motor (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "us" or "Lexus China") as the operator to provide users (hereinafter referred to as "users" or "you") with services related to the Lexus brand community (hereinafter referred to as "community") (hereinafter referred to as "the service") through the eLexusClub smartphone application community section (hereinafter referred to as the "Community").
When you enter the community, we will use your mobile phone number, name, gender, and date of birth to identify you. When you use interactive functions (Focus, Discovery, Featured, Activity), in order to provide you with interactive functions, we may collect and use your device identification (device model, operating system version, MAC address, IMEI, IDFA, AndroidID, mobile phone brand) to distinguish devices and realize basic service functions. You can post your thoughts or notes in Discover to share beautiful moments with like-minded people, and for this purpose, we will collect the information you post (the pictures you upload, the text content, the comments you upload); In order to provide you with better services, we will interact with you based on the information you post in the community section, and for this purpose, we will use the information you post (images you upload, text content, comment information). You can also search the search bar for people, content, and events of interest, and for this purpose, we will collect information about your search keywords. Please note that your search keyword information cannot identify you alone, and only when your search keyword information is combined with other information and can identify you, we will process and protect your search keyword information as your personal information in accordance with these rules. When you are watching a video or picture, in order to provide you with a good viewing experience, we may call your acceleration/magnetic/directional sensor to detect the change in the screen orientation of your mobile device, so as to automatically switch to landscape playback.
When you log in to the event, we will carry out related activities through the APP from time to time, and you need to provide your mobile phone number when you register for community activities; When you participate in community activities to check in, you need to provide the longitude and latitude information of your current location, and we will determine your participation in the activity based on the longitude and latitude information you provide. We may also collect your name, mobile phone number, and contact address information to mail you gifts or tickets. You can also check in at the store, and you'll need to provide the latitude and longitude of your current location. For these activities, we will set up a separate privacy policy/agreement to explain to you how we collect, use, store, share, transfer, disclose and protect your personal information. Please note that if you do not provide the aforesaid information, you will not be able to participate in the relevant activities normally, but it will not affect your normal use of other services provided by us and the basic functions of the APP.
Security control. In order to ensure the safe and stable operation of the services provided to you and prevent unnecessary processes from performing corresponding functions, we need to record the device model, IP address, device software version information, device identification code, device identifier, running process information, region and other service-related log information.
Album permissions (iOS, Android). When you upload an avatar through the App or upload a picture using social media services, we may need to enable the album permission of your mobile device.
Running process information: In order to prevent malicious programs and ensure the normal operation of the product/service, we will collect (including in the background) running process information to understand the overall operation and usage of the application。 Please understand that process information alone cannot identify a specific natural person. If we combine such non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person, or combine it with personal information, such non-personal information will be regarded as personal information during the combination period, and we will anonymize and de-identify such personal information unless we have obtained your authorization or are otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
2. Operational securityIn
order to ensure the stability and security of the system when you use our products and/or services, prevent your personal information from being illegally obtained, and more accurately protect the security of your account, we need to collect your device information (device model, device MAC address, application process list, device identification code, device serial number, operating system and software version, device status, network status), log information, facial information, IP address, Location information, wifi information, IMSI, SIM card information to identify whether you are a real natural person user, whether you are logged in from an unusual location, determine the risk of your account, and may record some links ("URLs") that we believe are risky. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to protect your services and account security during your use of the APP.
3. Information push, questionnaire, online customer service and car
consultantWhen you use the information notification function, in order to receive push messages, we will collect your phone number, Android ID, DeviceToken, and DeviceID, and require you to turn on the permission to receive messages to the APP in your device. The process data generated in the process of using the information notification will be retained in the G-BOOK Center operated by Lexus China's group companies. If you do not want to receive notifications from the APP, you can choose to turn off or enable the notifications of the APP through the settings.
When you use the customer experience survey function, we will collect your name and phone number in order to complete the survey. The process data generated during the completion of the questionnaire will be retained at the i-CROP Center operated by Lexus China's group companies. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to complete the questionnaire, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of the APP.
If you are a car user, we will use your frame number, registered mobile phone number, name, and license plate number in order to mark and distinguish your consultation records and get in touch with you in a timely manner when you use the online customer service function. When you use online customer service to report problems to us, we will collect records of your communication with us, which can be displayed in the dialog box and the service quality can be traced. In addition, we may ask you to raise questions based on your feedback to usPersonal information necessary to solve the problem, to deal with the problem and to follow up on the problem you reflected, including: your gender and contact information.
If you are a car-free user, we will use your registered mobile phone number in order to mark and distinguish your consultation records and get in touch with you in a timely manner so as to provide you with perfect customer service. When you use online customer service to report problems to us, we will collect records of your communication with us, which can be displayed in the dialog box and the service quality can be traced. In addition, we may ask you to provide personal information necessary to solve the problem based on the problem you feedback to us, which will be used to deal with the problem and follow up on the problem you reflect, including: your name, gender, and contact information.
The process data of you (including those with and without cars) during the use of online customer service is retained in the data center of the Lexus customer service center system platform. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the online customer service service, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of the APP.
4. Vehicle UsageIf
you are a car user, we will collect your phone number, address book information, Bluetooth information, and location information in order to open/close the car lock, view the vehicle location, customize the vehicle photo, share the car, add family and friends, and operate the family and friends' vehicles when you use the Digital Key (SKB) functionand vehicle photos, and require the user to open the address book permission, Bluetooth permission, location permission, camera permission, and photo album permission to the APP in the device, and the process data generated in the process of using the digital key will be retained in the SKB center operated by Lexus China's group company. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to complete the above digital key (SKB) related functions, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
If you are a car-free user, we will collect your phone number, address book information, Bluetooth information, and location information in order to turn on/off the car lock, view the vehicle location, customize the vehicle photo, share the car, add family and friends, and operate the family and friends' vehicles when you use the Digital Key (SKB) functionIn addition, the user is required to turn on the address book permission, Bluetooth permission, and location permission to the APP in the device, and the process data generated during the use of the digital key will be retained in the SKB center operated by Lexus China's group company. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to complete the above digital key (SKB) related functions, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
If you are a car user, we will collect your phone number, address book information, Bluetooth information, and location information in order to turn on/off the car lock, view the vehicle location, customize the vehicle photo, share the car, add family and friends, and operate the family and friends' vehicles when you use the Digital Key (DK) functionand vehicle photos, and require the user to open the address book permission, Bluetooth permission, location permission, camera permission, and photo album permission to this APP in the device, and the process data generated in the process of using the digital key will be retained in the DK Plugin center operated by Lexus China's group company. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to complete the above digital key (DK) related functions, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
If you are a car-free user, when you use the Digital Key (DK) function, we will collect your phone number, address book information, Bluetooth information, and location information in order to turn on/off the car lock, view the vehicle location, customize the vehicle photo, share the car, add family and friends, and operate the family and friends' vehiclesThe user is required to turn on the address book permission, Bluetooth permission, and location permission to the APP on the device, and the process data generated during the use of the digital key will be retained in the DK Plugin center operated by Lexus China's group company. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to complete the above digital key (DK) related functions, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
When you use the vehicle health diagnosis report function, in order to display the user's behavior statistics, we will collect your mileage, maximum speed, average speed, driving time, driving turns, driving days, low speed proportion, low speed proportion Part1, low speed proportion Part2, medium speed proportion, high speed proportion, air conditioning internal circulation, air conditioning external circulation, air conditioning use time, air conditioning use ratio, early driving time distribution, driving time distribution, driving time distribution, driving time distribution, In order to better protect your data and provide you with safe and convenient services, we have also signed a privacy service agreement with this platform. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the vehicle health diagnosis report function, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
When you use the charging station retrieval and scan code charging function, we will use your frame number, owner ID, and vehicle location information in order to retrieve the charging station near your vehicle, vehicle mileage, and requires you to turn on the camera permission to this APP in your device. You can choose to turn it off or on by setting camera permissions. The generated process data will be stored in the Toyota Smart Center Product Package operated by Lexus China's group companies, and will also be shared with Beijing NavInfo Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "NavInfo"), and in order to better protect your data and provide you with safe and convenient services, we have also signed a privacy service agreement with this platform. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the charging station to retrieve and scan the code to charge, but it will not affect the basic functions of the APP.
When you use the function of querying charging records and issuing invoices, we will use your frame number, owner ID, name, email address, invoice title, company tax number and phone number, and invoice order number, and share them with NavInfo, in order to better protect your data and provide you with safe and convenient services, we have also signed a privacy service agreement with this platform. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the charging record query and invoice function, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
When you use the energy consumption history function, in order to display the energy consumption history and ranking (the top 100 energy consumption history will be displayed in this APP, but your name and member ID will not be displayed, which can identify you), we will collect your average monthly power consumption, average daily power consumption and energy consumption ranking, and the process data generated during your energy consumption history will be retained in the Toyota Big Data Center operated by Lexus China's group companies China Center. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the energy consumption history function, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of the APP.
When you use the exclusive charging pile binding function, in order to realize the scanning code identification of the charging pile and the association between the charging pile device and the APP account, we will use your car owner ID and charging pile device ID, and you need to turn on the camera permission to the APP in the device. You can choose to turn it off or on by setting camera permissions. Your owner ID will be shared with NavInfo for NavInfo to bind your owner ID to the exclusive charging pile information managed by NavInfo.
When you use the function of remotely starting the exclusive charging pile and booking charging, we will use your car owner ID and charging pile device ID. When each charging starts and stops, we will share your owner ID, start time, and stop time with NavInfo, and NavInfo will generate order information for you. For users of BYD charging piles, NavInfo will transmit your owner ID and order information to Beijing Kingsoft Cloud Network Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Kingsoft Cloud"), and the Kingsoft Cloud Data Center, a server operated by Kingsoft Cloud, will store your owner ID and order information. For users of Star Charging Piles, NavInfo will transmit your owner ID and order information to Shanghai Lanyun Network Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Microsoft Cloud"), and your owner ID and order information will be stored in the Microsoft Cloud Data Center, a server operated by Microsoft Cloud. In order to better protect your data and provide you with safe and convenient services, we have also signed a privacy service agreement with this platform. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the remote charging function, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
When you use the Intelligent Driving Rating Service, we will collect your location information in order to complete the services related to the user's driving behavior ratingPersonal information (surname, gender, 4 digits after mobile phone number) and behavior information during vehicle driving (accelerator action, braking action, steering wheel angle, real-time speed), the personal information collected and generated by the company to provide intelligent driving scoring services is stored in encrypted form on the Amazon Cloud Beijing server in the People's Republic of China, and will not be transferred abroad, in order to better protect your data and provide you with safe and convenient services, we have also signed a privacy service agreement with this platform. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the intelligent driving score function, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of the APP.
5. Vehicle ServiceWhen
you use the authorization function, we will collect the name, phone number, and ID number of the vehicle owner and authorized person in order to verify the identity of the owner and authorized personThe process data generated during the licensing process will be retained in the i-CROP Center operated by Lexus China's group companies. With respect to the authorized person's personal information that you provide to us, you should obtain the authorized person's consent for the processing of such personal information. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to authorize the vehicle to other accounts, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of the APP.
You're inWhen using the car service function, in order to provide dealers with relevant information about service reservation users, we will use your name and phone number, and your name and phone number will be shared with the i-CROP system for completing your maintenance appointment and service evaluation, and the process data generated during your use of the car service will be retained in the i-CROP center operated by Lexus China's group companies. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to make a service reservation, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of the APP.
When you use the electronic warranty manual function, we will collect your name, address, zip code, and mobile phone number in order to activate the electronic warranty manual, and the process data generated during your use of the electronic manual will be retained in the G-BOOK center operated by Lexus China's group companies. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to open the electronic warranty manual, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
When you use the annual inspection/insurance expiration reminder function, in order to realize the reminder function, we will collect your annual inspection/insurance expiration time, and the process data generated during your use of the annual inspection/insurance expiration reminder will be retained in the G-BOOK center operated by Lexus China's group companies. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the annual inspection/insurance expiration reminder function, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of this APP.
When you use the My Dealer function, in order to display the preferred store, nearby dealership, and navigation, we will collect the preferred store information and location information you set, and require the user to turn on the location permission to this APP in the device, and the process data generated during your use of My Dealer will be retained in the G-BOOK center operated by Lexus China's group companies. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to use the nearby dealer and navigate to the dealer function, but it will not affect the basic functions of the APP.
6. When you pay
for the QR code of the data package purchased on the QR code scanning machine, we will use your name to complete the purchase; In order to provide invoices, we will collect your invoice title, recipient's name, contact number, mailing address, postal code, and require the user to turn on the camera permission to the APP in the device, and the process data generated in this process will be retained in the G-BOOK center operated by Lexus China's group companies. If you do not provide the above information, you will not be able to scan the QR code to complete the purchase and issue an invoice, but it will not affect the use of the basic functions of the APP.
Article 3 How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
We respect your personal privacy and comply with relevant laws and regulations, we are committed to maintaining strict confidentiality of the personal information we collect, and we will not illegally sell your personal information to others.
(1) Entrusting the processing
of personal information to the companies, organizations and individuals entrusted to us will sign strict agreements with them, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our requirements, these Rules and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
(2) Sharing1
: We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Lexus China's group companies, except for the following circumstances and the following circumstances in Articles 2 and 3:
(1) obtaining your explicit consent or authorization in advance;
(2) When it is necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, legal procedures, or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
2. We may share your personal information with our affiliates. However, we will only share personal information that is necessary and is subject to the purposes stated in these Rules. If our affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will ask for your authorization and consent again.
3. We may share your order information, account information, device information and location information with partners and third parties to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you. However, we will only share your personal information for legitimate, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and will only share the personal information necessary to provide services. Our partners are not authorized to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. Our partners include the following types:
Lexus China Group Companies: Lexus China's group companies (including companies directly or indirectly controlled by Toyota Motor Corporation such as Toyota Internet (Beijing) Technology Development Co., Ltd.) serve as our partners to provide G-BOOK Center, i-CROP Center, Toyota Smart Center Product Package, and Toyota Big for this service Data China Center, SKB Center, DK Plugin Center and other systems and back-end support, we will provide your personal information to Lexus China's group companies (the specific purpose of processing and the scope of personal information provision are limited to the contents specified in each paragraph of Article 2 of these Rules).
(2) Lexus dealers in China: We will provide them with your name, phone number, and information about your intention to buy a car, so as to grasp your needs for your purchase intention, contact you for further answers, help you complete the relevant procedures for car purchase, and provide you with corresponding services. We will provide them with the personal information described in Article 2 of these Rules and provide you with a vehicle health report.
(3) Third-party service providers (such as suppliers, service outsourcers, etc.) entrusted by us: We will provide them with your name, phone number, and information about your intention to purchase a car to provide you with a car purchase loan and vehicle insurance. We will provide them with your name, phone number, vehicle type information, location information, and provide you with charging pile survey and installation services, vehicle information collected by the vehicle device, roadside assistance, vehicle failure analysis, and logistics and distribution of purchased goods. We will provide them with your name, phone number, email address, vehicle type information, and provide you with telephone calls, recall notices, sending letters, emails or text messages, cleaning customer information, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, conducting customer satisfaction surveys, receiving customer inquiries and processing customer requests, and providing services related to the LEXUS Connect service (including the G-BOOK intelligent passenger communication service) under your separate authorization. We will provide them with their name and email address information to provide you with invoicing services for scanning and charging. We will provide them with your name, gender, mobile phone number, email address, location information, frame number, model information, vehicle ID, purchase time, arrival time, and after-sales consumption records for the purpose of analyzing user behavior data in order to provide you with more convenient and rich personalized services.
4. We will sign strict agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, these rules and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. In the use of sensitive personal data, we require third parties to adopt data desensitization and encryption technologies to better protect user data.
5. In order to fulfill legal obligations and respond to dispute resolution, we may share your personal information with relevant authorities in accordance with the requirements of relevant government departments, judicial departments and other authorities, including providing your personal information to telecommunications companies to complete the real-name registration management required by relevant government departments.
6. The SDK (Software Development Kit) related to the use of user information in the APP provided by us:
The name of the feature	Types of Personal Information Collected	Use business scenarios	objective	The name of the third-party organization and the link to the official website
Baidu Maps (Location Services, Map Services, Navigation Services)	ANDROID ID, ACCESS WI-FI STATUS, GEOLOCATION, DEVICE INFORMATION	Find nearby facilities, find vehicle locations, route settings, charging station searches, and route navigation	Location access and location, providing proximity services	Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd
https://map.baidu.com/
Invoice identification	Invoice information	Enterprise User Activation	Identify invoice information	Translation Intelligence https://www.etoplive.com/
Baidu car home interconnection	Baidu user account	Control the user's smart home on the vehicle	Account authorization, install Baidu Pass SDK on the mobile APP, the SDK will pull up the Baidu user login page, after the user authorization, the SDK will provide access_token and refresh_token, as the key for the user to control the smart home. Every time a user requests to control their home, they bring access_token as authentication	Baidu OAuth introduces
http://developer.baidu.com/wiki/index.php?title=docs/oauth
Website data analysis	IP address, app usage behavior	Click the button on the APP or open the screen	Analyze user usage data	matomo
https://matomo.org/
Alibaba Cloud Mobile Push	Android ID, IP address, application ID, application key, vendor-built push channel ID, unique device ID, and International Mobile Equipment Identity	Differentiation of different applications; Apostille request parameters; It is used for vendor channel push; It is used to distinguish between different device pushes; Unique identifier of the secondary computing device	Carry out efficient, accurate, and real-time message push	Alibaba Cloud Mobile Push
https://help.aliyun.com/product/30047.html
Sina Pass (Weibo SDK)	MAC address, device serial number	When you share a message on Weibo	Share information on Weibo	Beijing Weimeng Chuangke Network Technology Co., Ltd.
https://open.weibo.com/wiki/Android_SDK%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E%E6%96%87%E6%A1%A3
Tencent QQ TencentOpenAPI.framework	Basic device information, APP information	When you log in with QQ and share to QQ	Used to log in and share to QQ	Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd
. https://wiki.connect.qq.com/qq%e4%ba%92%e8%81%94sdk%e9%9a%90%e7%a7%81%e4%bf%9d%e6%8a%a4%e5%a3%b0%e6%98%8e
WeChat: dylbWeChatSDK.framework	Basic device information, APP information	When using WeChat to log in, pay, and share to WeChat	It is used for login, payment, sharing to WeChat, etc	Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd
. https://privacy.qq.com/document/priview/bdf936b2477a45ff86da57e3d988bc2b
(3) TransferWe
will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:
1. Obtain your explicit unity or authorization in advance;
2. Provision in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the requirements of legal procedures, and mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;
3. Comply with the relevant agreements signed with you (including the electronic agreements signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;
4. In the event of a merger, acquisition, asset transfer or similar transaction, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this Personal Information Protection Policy. Otherwise, we will ask the company or organization to seek your authorization opinion again.
(4) Public disclosureWe
will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and on the premise of taking security protection measures that comply with industry standards:
1. Disclose the personal information specified by you in the disclosure method you have expressly agreed to according to your needs;
2. If it is necessary to provide your personal information in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may publicly disclose your personal information according to the type of personal information required and the method of disclosure. Subject to laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of information described above, we will require that we must issue corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We strongly believe that the information requested from us should be as transparent as possible to the extent permitted by law. All requests are carefully reviewed to ensure that they have a lawful basis and are limited to data that law enforcement has a legitimate right to obtain for the purposes of a particular investigation. To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, the documents we disclose are protected by encryption keys.
Article 4 Exceptions to the prior authorization and consent of information sharing, transfer, and public disclosure
In the following circumstances, we do not need to obtain your prior authorization and consent to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information:
(1) when it is related to the Personal Data Controller's performance of obligations under laws and regulations;
(2) Directly related to national security and national defense security;
(3) directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;
(4) directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement;
(5) For the purpose of protecting the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain your authorization and consent;
(6) Personal information that you disclose to the public;
(7) Collect your personal information from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
Article 5 Your Rights
You can choose not to provide your personal information, and if you choose to agree to provide us with your personal information, we will protect your rights to exercise your personal information in accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, as well as the common practices of other countries and regions. When you exercise your rights, we may ask you to provide proof of identity to ensure that we are protecting our clients' confidential information.
(1) Right of
accessYou have the right to access your personal information in our account, change your password, add security information or close your account. If you want to exercise your right to access your data, you can access your relevant personal information by logging in to your APP account in the following functions: check your account personal information in "Me-Personal Information", including name, gender, birthday, address, mobile phone number, and driver's license expiration date.
If you are unable to access your personal information through the above means, please contact us and we will respond to your request within fifteen business days.
(2) Right to
RectificationWhen you find that there is an error in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to correct or update the incorrect or incomplete information after verifying your identity and the correction does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information. You can correct your relevant personal information by logging in to your APP account in the following functions: correct your account password through "Me - Settings - Account and Security - Change Password".
If you are unable to correct your personal information through the above means, please contact us and we will respond to your request for access within fifteen business days.
(3) Right to
erasure(1) You may request us to delete your personal information under the following circumstances:
· If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations;
· If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
· If our processing of personal information violates these Rules;
· If you no longer use the Service, or you cancel your account;
· If we no longer provide you with the Service.
(2) If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the third party who has obtained your personal information from us and require it to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or it has obtained your independent authorization, when you delete your personal information from the APP, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system, but will delete the information when the backup is updated.
(3) If some information cannot be completely deleted due to the need to retain it for future reference, we will also anonymize this part of the information so that it can no longer be used to identify individuals.
If you are unable to delete your personal information through the above means, please contact us and we will respond to your request for access within fifteen business days.
(4) Right of
withdrawal(1) You may change the scope of your authorization for us to collect and use personal information or withdraw your authorization.
(2) After you withdraw your authorization and consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your authorization and consent will not affect the personal information processing activities previously carried out based on your authorization.
You can check the authorization list of your device functions in this APP through "Me-Settings-Permission Management". If you wish to make changes to your device's permissions, you can click on the button on the page that will direct you to your phone's settings.
You can also revoke the personal information protection policy to which you have consented by "revoking the authorization of the personal information protection policy" in "Me-Settings-Personal Information Protection Policy". When you revoke the Personal Information Protection Policy, the APP will be automatically closed, and your consent to the Personal Information Protection Policy will still be required for the next time you open it.
If you are unable to withdraw your personal information through the above means, please contact us and we will respond to your request for access within fifteen business days.
(5) Right to cancellation:
You can cancel your registered account at any time, after canceling the account, we will stop providing you with the service and delete your personal information, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, account cancellation may result in the erasure of all your user data and account information and cannot be recovered.
You can apply for cancellation of your previously registered APP account through "Me - Settings - Account Cancellation" in this APP.
If you are unable to cancel your personal information through the above means, please contact us and we will respond to your access request within fifteen working days.
(6) Obtain a copy of your personal information:
You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information. If you need to obtain a copy of your personal information collected by us, you can contact us through the Lexus customer service number, and the relevant personnel will submit a copy of the personal information to you after performing the necessary identity verification. Subject to compliance with relevant laws and regulations and technical feasibility, we will provide you with a copy of your personal information upon request.
If you are unable to obtain your personal information through the above means, please contact us and we will respond to your request for access within fifteen business days.
(7) Constraint on automatic decision-making of information systems:
In some business functions, we may only make decisions based on non-manual automatic decision-making mechanisms, including information systems and algorithms. If these decisions significantly affect your legitimate rights and interests, you have the right to ask us for an explanation, and we will also provide appropriate remedies.
(8) Respond to your above requests:
(1) You can submit the above rights requests to us through the following channels: contact our staff on-site, or call our customer service number. For security reasons, you may be required to submit these requests in writing, and we may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
(2) We will usually reply within fifteen working days. If you are not satisfied, you can also contact us to complain.
In principle, we do not charge a fee for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain cost fee for repeated requests that exceed a reasonable limit. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (e.g., need to develop new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical.
(3) Under the exceptions stipulated by laws and regulations, we will not be able to respond to your request.
Article 6 How We Process the Personal Information of Minors
1. We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information, and we will not actively collect their personal information directly from minors.
2. If you find that you have inadvertently provided us with the personal information of a minor, please contact us. We will try to delete the relevant personal information as soon as possible.
Article 7 How We Hold Your Information
1. We use reasonable and feasible security protection measures that meet industry standards (such as prevention and control through security controls, access and download permission control, improper access interception, core sensitive information hiding, information transmission encryption, virus prevention, unified log management, and data backup) to protect the personal information you provide and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of the data.
2. We conscientiously comply with the relevant national requirements on the storage and management of personal information. Under normal circumstances, if you no longer use this service, the relevant personal information will be deleted or anonymized as soon as possible after meeting the storage period requirements stipulated by law (the "Measures for the Administration of Automobile Sales" stipulates that the records of automobile sales and owner information shall be kept for no less than 10 years).
3. You should be aware that the Internet environment is not 100% secure and we will do our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to us. If your personal information is accessed, publicly disclosed, tampered with or destroyed due to our subjective fault, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding responsibilities in accordance with the law.
4. In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you. We will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc., and if it is difficult to inform the Personal Data Subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to make an announcement. At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.
Article 8 Transfer of Personal Information
The personal information we collect and generate in China will be stored in China and will not be transferred abroad.
Article 9 How these Rules are updated
If we decide to update our Personal Information Protection Policy, we will publish the updated Personal Information Protection Policy in the APP by way of notice before the new version of the Personal Information Protection Policy takes effect, so that you can understand the changes.
We will not derogate from your rights under these Rules without your express consent. If there is a major change to these Rules, we will also provide a more obvious notice, such as the use of pop-up windows when you log in to the App. Major changes to these Rules may include material changes referred to in this Policy, including but not limited to:
(1) major changes in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the way in which personal information is used;
(2) We have undergone significant changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc. Such as business adjustment, bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc.
(3) Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure;
(4) There are significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way in which they are exercised;
(5) When there is a change in the department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channels;
(6) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
Article 10 How to Contact Us
1. If you have any complaints, reports, questions, comments or suggestions about these rules or your personal information, please contact us in the following ways:
Company Name: Beijing Tuxun Fengda Information Technology Co., Ltd
. Registered address: Room
2208, 22nd Floor, Block A, Building 1, Yard 1, Ronghua Middle Road, Beijing Economic and Technological Development Zone, BeijingOffice address: southeast of the intersection of Yongfeng Road and Beiqing Road, Haidian District, Beijing
We have set up a dedicated personal information protection department, and you can contact it in the following ways: 010-84299088 (office hours: 9:00-18:00 on statutory working days)
Lexus customer service center telephone: 400-810-2772 (mobile) / 800-810-2772 (landline).
2. Under normal circumstances, we will reply within 15 working days. If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially if our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you may also file a complaint or report to the regulatory authorities such as cyberspace, telecommunications, public security, and industry and commerce.
