Introduction

Welcome to the world of Jiyue!

Shanghai Jidu Automobile Co., Ltd. (registered address and common office address: Building 2, No.

1688, Yecheng Road, Jiading District, Shanghai), Wuhan Jidu Automobile Service Co., Ltd. and its

affiliates (registered address and common office address: 4, 3rd Floor, Building 1, Building 1,

Optoelectronic Supporting Industrial Park, No. 117, Zuoling Road, Zuoling Town, Donghu New

Technology Development Zone, Wuhan City, Hubei Province) and its affiliates (hereinafter collectively

referred to as "we", "us" or "our" Jiyue") attaches great importance to the protection of users'

("you") personal information, and will strictly abide by the requirements of relevant laws and

regulations and take adequate and appropriate measures to ensure the security of your personal

information.

We would like to explain to you through the Privacy Policy of this Jiyue Network Platform ("Privacy

Policy") that we provide you with relevant products/services (hereinafter collectively referred to as

"Services") through the following platforms within the territory of the People's Republic of China

(except for the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macao Special Administrative Region and

Taiwan Region for the purposes of this Policy, hereinafter referred to as "China"). How to process

(including collecting, using, storing, providing, etc.), protecting your personal information, and how you

can exercise your rights in relation to your personal information.

1. Provide you with vehicle information and basic services for vehicle and boutique ordering and

related extended business services through the official website, Jiyue App, Jiyue Mini Program and

Jiyue Power Mini Program (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Jiyue Network Platform"). We have

formulated a separate privacy policy to specifically explain the relevant circumstances of processing

and protecting your personal information in these scenarios, which is detailed in this Privacy Policy.

2. Provide you with Internet of Vehicles related services through the in-vehicle terminal, Jiyue App

and cloud remote interconnection. Please read the "Jiyue Automobile Privacy Policy" carefully in

"Car" - "My Car" - "Privacy" on the car terminal to understand the details of the processing and

protection of relevant personal information.

3. Other clients or scenarios in which we provide services to you now and in the future.

The above privacy policy is closely related to the services you use, and we hope that you must

carefully read and confirm that you have fully understood the content of the privacy policy before

using the services provided by us, and make the choices you think are appropriate. If you do not agree

to the above privacy policy, you should stop using the services provided by us. Where permitted by

laws and regulations, we may process your personal information without your consent. We strive to
use plain language to draw your attention to the terms of this Privacy Policy that have a material

relationship with your rights and interests, the terms that may exempt or limit our liability, and the

personal information involved. For sensitive personal information, we use bold oblique font to alert

you.

We would like to remind you that due to the large number of our products and services, the content of

the products and services provided to you is also different, this Privacy Policy is the privacy

protection clause uniformly applicable to the services of the Jiyue online platform, and the user

rights agreed in this privacy policy and the relevant information security protection measures

provided by us are applicable to all our online platform related products and services. The type of

personal information we collect about you may vary depending on the specific products and/or

services you use (including client type and software version), which is subject to the actual

situation of the products/services you actually use. If a product and/or has a separate privacy

policy, that separate privacy policy will take precedence. For the part not covered by the separate

privacy policy for that product and/or service, the content of this Privacy Policy shall prevail. If you do

not use the corresponding products or services provided by us, we will not collect the corresponding

information.

In order to bring you a better product and service experience, we are continuously striving to improve

our technology, and then we may introduce new or optimized functions from time to time, and may

need to collect and use new personal information or change the purpose or method of using personal

information. In this regard, we will update this Privacy Policy and will separately explain to you the

purpose, scope and use of the corresponding information through pop-up windows and page

prompts. If your consent is required for relevant adjustments in accordance with laws and regulations,

we will provide you with the method of your own consent and process the relevant personal

information after obtaining your explicit consent.

We will process your personal information in strict accordance with the scenarios described in this

Privacy Policy, and if it exceeds the scope described in this Privacy Policy, we will inform you again

and obtain your consent. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Policy, you

can contact us through our Privacy Protection Contact Email (data.privacy@jiyue-auto.com).

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:

1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information

2. How We Use Cookies or Similar Technologies

3. How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and disclosure of your personal information

4. How We Protect Your Personal Information

5. How you can manage your personal information

6. How We Process the Personal Information of Minors

7. How we store your personal information

8. Updates to this Privacy Policy

9. How to Contact Us

Supplementary Provisions: Definitions
1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information

We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity to collect and use your personal

information that you voluntarily provide during your use of our products and/or services, or we directly

collect your personal information generated by you as a result of your use of our products and/or

services, as well as your authorized third-party partners, for the following purposes described in this

Privacy Policy. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this

Privacy Policy, or use the collected information for other purposes for specific purposes, we will

inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again. When you use the Service, we

need/may need to collect and use your personal information.

You can choose not to provide or not agree to our processing of your relevant personal information,

which may affect your complete and timely access to the corresponding services.

Regarding the processing of your personal information by the products and/or services related to the

Internet of Vehicles (IoV) that we provide to you, please read and agree to the Privacy Policy of Jiyue

Automobile before using it.

1.1. Collection and Use Scenarios

(1) Registration and login

The basic function of this service is "Vehicle Information and Vehicle and Boutique Order", and the

necessary personal information under this function is "Registered User's Mobile Phone Number". If

you do not agree to provide this information, you can choose the guest mode to enter and browse

part of the content of the Jiyue App, in the tourist mode, you do not need to provide the above

information, you can still view the "discovery", "car purchase", "mall", "my" 4 main sections, including:

browsing content and comments, browsing activities, browsing goods, browsing vehicle information

functions, but may not be able to fully use the business functions involved in this service, including

likes, comments, event registration, purchase and ordering, Add to cart to view the personal

information on the "My" page. When you register or log in to your Jiyue account, according to the

requirements of the online real-name system, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number

as information to identify you, and we will send an SMS verification code to verify whether your

identity is valid. If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to register/log in to this

service product and use all our related functions normally.

When you use the "one-click login" function, we will use the functions provided by the communication

operator and your mobile phone number to provide you with fast registration and login services based

on the cooperation with the communication operator and your express consent.

(2) Fill in your personal information

To show you your profile, you can provide your profile picture, nickname, gender, birthday, and

interests after registration. You can decide whether to fill in the above information at your own

discretion, and if you do not provide these supplementary information, it will not affect your use of the

Service. At the same time, you can fill in and provide your name, certificate type and certificate

number and upload the ID photo in the Jiyue App or Jiyue Mini Program "Me" - "Settings" -

"Account and Security" - "Real-name Authentication" and "Certificate Center", which will be used for

the purchase of Jiyue brand cars, identity verification, equity verification, purchase tax payment,

invoicing, motor vehicle registration, bank loans, insurance accident claims, etc.; If you are not
involved in the handling of such matters, not providing the aforesaid information will not affect your

use of other services.

(3) Third-Party Login

Based on your separate consent, you can use your account on the third-party platform to log in and

use the Services, and you will authorize us to obtain your avatar and nickname on the third-party

platform (including WeChat) for binding with your Jiyue account, so that you can directly log in and

use the Services, and the specific authorization information is subject to the prompts on the login

interface. Please be aware that when logging in through a third-party account, you still need to collect

your mobile phone number, which is used to bind a unique Jiyue account.

For details about the types of personal information collected by the aforesaid partners and the

purpose of collection, please refer to the "List of Information Shared by Third Parties and Information

Collected by SDKs".

(4) Test drive

You can apply for a test drive through the Jiyue network platform, Jiyue Automobile's offline activities,

and the retention page set up by the relevant scenarios and clients now or in the future, or by

contacting us actively. We need to collect and use personal information that is necessary to provide

the test drive service, as detailed in the test ride and test drive agreement.

Before your test drive, in order to verify the identity information and driving qualification of the test

driver, you need to provide the driver's name, mobile phone number, ID card information, and motor

vehicle driver's license information.

(5) Car purchase consultation and vehicle ordering

You can consult us about purchasing a car through the retention page set up on the Jiyue online

platform, the offline activities of Jiyue Automobile, and the relevant scenarios and clients now or in

the future, or actively contact us, or get more information about car purchase by participating in our

marketing activities. In this regard, we may collect your basic personal information (name, gender,

mobile phone number, Open ID, city) and information you provide to us in communication (such as

whether you have a car, hobbies, age group, occupation, motor vehicle driver's license information).

When you place an order for a JIYUE vehicle, we will collect the name, mobile phone number, and

city of the person who placed the order for the purpose of linking the order to your account and for

the staff of JIYUE to contact you. At the same time, we will collect the name/business name,

personal ID number/enterprise tax number, and mobile phone number of the vehicle owner, which

will be used to sign the car purchase contract, issue motor vehicle invoices, apply for vehicle license

plates (including license quota applications), and apply for loans and insurance. We also collect the

user's mobile phone number and the city where the vehicle is used, which is used to book the

vehicle and activate the vehicle when it is in use. When you are not the owner or user of the vehicle,

please ensure that the information you provide is true and correct and that you have obtained the

consent of the personal information subject. After placing an order, you can choose the payment

service provided by a third-party payment institution (such as WeChat and Alipay) to pay. For details

about the types of personal information collected by the aforesaid partners and the purpose of

collection, please refer to the "List of Information Shared by Third Parties and Information Collected

by SDKs".

(6) Auto financial services
When you apply for financial services such as loans, we will collect the fields necessary to provide

financial services from the data you provided in our capital retention interface and car purchase order

in the early stage, including name, certificate type, ID card information, mobile phone number,

current city, delivery city, licensed city, vehicle information (brand, model, vehicle unique

identification code), intended financial plan (including loan type, Number of loan periods, down

payment ratio, down payment amount, balance payment ratio, balance payment amount) invoice

image copy and invoice data information, and fill in the information in the financial pre-approval and

application interface, so that you can quickly initiate relevant applications. After you submit your

application, we will share the above information with the third-party financial service provider that

provides the specific financial service to help you obtain complete auto financial services. The

financial institution will also return your approval and loan information to us so that we can confirm

the payment of your car purchase price, and we will not use it for any other purpose.

(7) Insurance services

Auto insurance services will be provided directly to you by third-party insurance companies, and we

will not collect your relevant personal information in the process. You are reminded to pay attention

to and read the relevant service agreements and privacy policies of third-party insurance

companies to understand the processing and protection of your personal information.

(8) Customer service and after-sales functions

When you make inquiries, complaints or provide suggestions about vehicles, accounts or orders, we

will collect your nickname, profile picture, mobile phone number, UID, consultation time,

conversation details and communication records (text or voice), service data, account information,

order information, and photos for the purpose of verifying your identity, recording your problems, and

making handling and feedback.

For details on the collection and processing of personal information involved in other customer service

and after-sales functions related to vehicle services, please refer to the List of Information Shared by

Third Parties and Information Collected by SDKs.

(9) Mall shopping and payment

When you shop in the mall, we will collect the purchaser's mobile phone number, nickname,

consignee's mobile phone number, consignee's name, and consignee's address for the purpose of

completing the order, delivering the goods, and querying history and points details. If you choose to

purchase vehicle-related services, we need to collect the vehicle VIN code, vehicle model and license

plate number in order to confirm the vehicle information.

At the same time, we will generate an order for you to purchase the product through the system, and

the order will indicate the product information you purchased, the specific order number, the order

creation time, the payment method, and the order amount. You can order goods for yourself or

others through the Jiyue network platform, and you need to provide the aforesaid personal

information of the actual consignee and ensure that the consent of the actual consignee has been

obtained. When you submit a return or exchange application, you need to fill in your email address or

mobile phone number according to the prompts on the interface to facilitate the return and exchange.

After placing an order, you can choose the payment function provided by a third-party payment

institution (including WeChat and Alipay). The payment software tool development kit of the thirdparty payment institution embedded in the Jiyue network platform will collect your personal
information and use it to complete the payment. We will share your transaction information with the

third-party payment institution to confirm your payment instruction and complete the payment.

(10) Community sharing

In order to facilitate you to share the user experience, we provide community communication and

content sharing functions, when you publish, share, comment and other activities in the community,

we will record and use your avatar, nickname, like, comment, published content (text, picture, video)

and UID for content management and display in the community. When you post a picture or video, you

will also use your device's album and camera permissions with your consent.

Please note that the information you publicly release may involve your or others' personal

information or even sensitive personal information, so please carefully consider whether to disclose

relevant information. If the information you provide to us or publish involves the personal

information of others, you need to obtain the consent of others before publishing.

(11) Participation in activities

When you register for an event through the Jiyue network platform and other clients and scenarios,

we will collect different personal information from you according to the specific requirements of the

event, such as your nickname, profile picture, gender, mobile phone number, Open ID, UID, city, age

group, occupation, whether you have a car, hobbies, and IP address, which will be used to identify

you and make corresponding arrangements for holding the event. The specific activities and the

personal information required are subject to the specific requirements on the event page.

When there is a reward for the event you participate in, and you meet the reward conditions, we may

also use your participation in the activity, UID and/or mobile phone number for the purpose of issuing

the reward.

(12) Message push and marketing promotion

In order to let you better understand our products/services, we will collect and use your mobile phone

number and device information to push product/service-related information and reminders to you

(including charging behavior reminders, community message reminders, vehicle status and vehicle

usage behavior reminders, order/contract performance reminders, and activity reminders).

In order to provide you with advertising, promotion, and promotional marketing information, and to

enable you to better understand our products and services, we may collect and use your mobile

phone number and device information.

Please note that if you do not want to receive our APP push information, you can turn it off through

the App notification settings in the system settings of your device, and you can turn off the SMS push

according to the unsubscribe prompt in the SMS, or contact the data.privacy@jiyue-auto.com to

unsubscribe or turn it off.

(13) Data analysis

In order to conduct market analysis, fraud prevention, product optimization and improve service

experience, so as to improve service quality and provide you with better service, we may collect

device information, vehicle information, activity information, content information, order information

and generate generated logs/service information, IDFA (IOS), when you use the product It also

collects your behavior data, browsing records, order numbers and actual payment information, and

conducts statistics, processing and analysis after anonymizing or de-identifying your identity

information.
At the same time, we will obtain your device information with the help of SDKs provided by third

parties. We only retain the results of our analyses, which do not identify you. We may provide or

disclose the above-mentioned statistical information that does not contain your personally identifiable

information. For details about the types of personal information collected by the Partner and the

purpose of collection, please refer to the List of Information Shared by Third Parties and Information

Collected by the SDK.

(14) Charging service

When you use the JIYUE network platform to connect to the charging stations operated by JIYUE or

the charging stations connected to our services for charging, we may collect and use your location

information and your behavior information when using the charging service (including the

corresponding information of the charging station search and charging station usage activities

when you use the service). It is used to show you information about charging stations that are closer

to you or more convenient for you to travel. At the same time, we may need to collect your license

plate number, VIN code, charging amount, balance record, charging duration, vehicle power

information, charging rate, charging pile, charging status, charging record, fault information for

charging management, assisting in the settlement of charging fees, parking fees, charging pile

occupancy fees and possible fee concessions (including charging fees, parking fees, charging pile

occupancy fees).

We may use your mobile phone number to contact you, and may record your contact information,

name, account number, your communication information with us (including text, voice, photos,

videos, and locations sent during communication) and consultation records for the purpose of

verifying your identity, understanding your usage, giving you feedback, and helping you solve

problems.

(15) Abnormal investigation and security assurance

In order to ensure your normal use of the Service, maintain the normal operation of the Service,

troubleshoot faults and abnormalities in a timely manner, ensure the security of your account and

transactions, and improve and optimize our service experience, we will obtain your device information

when you use the Service, including the device manufacturer, device model, operating system and

version, software version, device identification code (IDFV(IOS)/OAID, operating system and version,

Screen resolution, operating conditions, gyroscope sensor, accelerometer sensor and linear

accelerometer information), User_id, device_id, MAC address, software list, Wifi SSID, BSSID, mobile

phone status.

(16) 3D visual effects

We collect information about your device's gyroscope, accelerometer, and linear accelerometer

sensors, which are used to achieve 3D effects on some page components, so that you can get a 3D

visual sensory experience that is dynamically linked to your device.

(17) Vehicle management function

When you use the "car-key management" function, in order to ensure the pairing of the Bluetooth key

with the vehicle and the normal use of the Bluetooth key function, we need to use your location

information, Bluetooth permissions, nearby device permissions, and use background running

services and self-starting services. If you turn off auto-start, you may not be able to receive alerts

properly. You can turn off the auto-start feature in your phone's system settings.
When you choose the facial feature recognition method to log in to your account on the car side, you

need to enter your facial feature information in the "Me" - "Settings" section of the Jiyue App, and

after the entry is completed, you can select the facial feature recognition method on the car side to

log in to the account. We do not store the original information of your face, only the feature data for

identification verification. If you do not wish to provide facial recognition, you can still log in in in

other ways.

When you use the JIYUE App to view your vehicle location information, or send the destination

information you search on your mobile phone to the vehicle map, we will need to use your location

information to locate and calculate the vehicle location distance and destination distance.

For the collection and use of personal information that provides you with IoV-related services

through the in-vehicle terminal, the Extreme Athletic App and the cloud remote interconnection,

please refer to the Privacy Policy of the Automotive for details.

1.3. System Permission Authorization

When you use some business functions, the Service may need to use your system permissions, which

will only be enabled with your express authorization, and your personal information will only be

collected when required by the relevant functions or services. If you do not authorize, we will not be

able to provide relevant business functions or the use of relevant functions will be affected.

You can manage the relevant permissions in the system according to your actual needs. You may

choose to refuse to turn on or off the permission, and your closing of the permission means that you

have revoked your authorization, and we will no longer continue to collect and use the personal

information collected based on the corresponding permission, and you will not be able to obtain the

corresponding business function after the closure, but it will not affect your use of other functions of

the Service. Your decision to turn off the permission will not affect the processing of personal

information previously based on your authorization.

Location permission (Android, iOS): We will access and obtain your location information after you

authorize the location permission, and your location information will be used to display you charging

pile information (charging station information in your city, display your nearby charging stations in the

map, locate and calculate the distance of charging stations), display your vehicle location information,

provide vehicle navigation and positioning, provide location sending/receiving functions, and display

the points activity planTo provide you with information about offline activities, stores and services

near you. Please note that your precise geographic location is sensitive personal information, and

we will only collect this information based on your separate consent. If you reject this authorization,

the aforesaid functions will not be able to be used normally, but your normal use of the Service will

not be affected.

Camera permission (Android, iOS): It will be used for QR code scanning functions such as event

scanning verification, identification of charging piles, and QR code payment function, as well as

uploading avatars and certificates by taking photos and videos, posting content in the community,

giving feedback to online customer service, and face entry functions. If you reject this authorization,

the preceding functions will not be able to be used normally.

Album/storage permission (Android, iOS): It will be used for the storage of your event registration

results, ticket results, pictures, etc., QR code recognition, screenshots and pictures/video uploads,
picture/video insertion, avatar or certificate upload functions when using the community function, mall

application after-sales, online customer service, and reporting functions. If you don't enable this

permission, you won't be able to use the relevant features, but it won't affect your ability to use other

features.

Network Permission (iOS): When you use this service, you need to authorize network permission to be

enabled. Once you have the network turned on, you can use all the features related to cloud services.

If you do not enable this permission, you may not be able to use features that require an internet

connection.

Bluetooth permission (Android, iOS): It will be used to control, operate, and connect your home

charging pile, use the Bluetooth key function to manage the car lock after Bluetooth verification,

connect the Bluetooth phone in the car, play music through Bluetooth, and use Bluetooth to operate

car games. If you don't enable this permission, you won't be able to use the relevant features, but it

won't affect your ability to use other features.

Clipboard (Android, iOS): It will be used to read the password, sharing code, link, text and other

content information contained in the information sharing and copying information when you use the

function of sharing and copying information, so as to realize the function or service of jumping,

copying and sharing. If you don't enable this permission, you won't be able to use the relevant

features, but it won't affect your ability to use other features.

Microphone permission (Android, iOS): will be used to send your voice messages during the live chat

service. If you don't enable this permission, you won't be able to use the relevant features, but it won't

affect your ability to use other features.

Contacts permission (Android, iOS): Authorized to synchronize the contacts information to the car on

the mobile phone, so that users can find specific contacts more accurately when calling out their

names. If you don't enable this permission, you won't be able to use the relevant features, but it won't

affect your ability to use other features.

App background running permission, App self-start permission (Android): Lock management is

carried out after pairing with a Bluetooth key. If you don't enable this permission, you won't be able to

use the relevant features, but it won't affect your ability to use other features.

1.4. Other legal reasons

You are fully aware that, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we do not need to ask for

your consent to collect and use your personal information when there are the following legal reasons:

(1) It is necessary for us to perform our obligations or duties under laws and regulations;

(2) where it is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is

a party;

(3) Where it is necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and

property safety of natural persons in an emergency;

(4) Processing personal information that has been disclosed by individuals or that has been lawfully

disclosed within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information

Protection Law;

(5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
2. How We Use Cookies or Similar Technologies

2.1. We use similar terminal collection and storage technologies such as cookies, tags,

and scripts

Cookies are a mechanism that allows the server (or script) to store and retrieve information on the

client. A cookie is a small data file that is stored on your computer or mobile device. When you use

the Site, we may use cookies or similar technologies to collect and store information, which may

include your account information, preferences, or device information, in order to generate and identify

you uniquely. Cookie technology is used to provide you with better services in order to make your

access experience easier and safer, to improve products, services and user experience, to analyze the

effectiveness of page design or advertising, or to discover and prevent security risks in a timely

manner. These cookies mainly include the user's personal configuration information and the temporary

operation parameters of the website.

We will not use cookies or similar technologies for any purpose other than those described in this

Privacy Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Information about

you will be deleted when you clear all cookies stored in the software, but you may not be able to use

features or services that rely on cookies. For more information, see https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.

We will strictly ensure that the use of cookie technology is safe and will not adversely affect you.

2.2. Log Files

Like most websites and mobile applications, we collect certain information and store it in log files for

the purpose of troubleshooting problems you encounter when using our services, and for analyzing

and compiling statistics on related data to support problem feedback and optimization functions. This

information may include Internet policy (IP) addresses, Internet Service Provider (ISP), operating

system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not link automatically collected data to

other information we collect about you. We will strictly ensure the safe use of technology and will not

adversely affect you.

3. How we provide, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information

We attach great importance to your personal information. We will not provide your personal

information to any company, organization or individual other than the Company unless we have your

consent or meet the specific legal circumstances required by laws and regulations.

In order to ensure the quality of products/services and your convenient experience, we may provide

some of your personal information to our affiliates, third-party partners and service providers for

some products and services that require third-party support. We will strictly limit and manage the

provision of personal information to external parties.

3.1. Entrusted Processing

In the case of entrusting service partners (companies, organizations and individuals entrusted with the

processing of personal information, such as our third-party service providers, contractors, agents,

etc.) to process personal information, we will work with service partnersSign a strict confidentiality

agreement or other data protection related agreement to clarify the responsibilities of both parties,
the processing items and the purpose of processing, etc., and review the data security capabilities to

ensure that they take measures to ensure the confidentiality and security of personal information in

accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, our requirements and the provisions of this

Privacy Policy. For details about the identity of the Partner, the purpose, method, and scope of

collecting personal information, please refer to the List of Information Shared by Third Parties and

Information Collected by the SDK.

3.2. Sharing

In some cases, we will provide your personal information to other personal information processors,

inform you of the recipient's name or name, contact information, processing purpose, processing

method and type of personal information, and obtain your prior consent or authorization. At the same

time, we will investigate their data security environment and sign strict confidentiality agreements with

them to ensure that they take measures to ensure the confidentiality and security of personal

information in accordance with laws and regulations, our requirements and the provisions of this

Privacy Policy. We provide personal information to the following parties:

(1) Sharing with affiliates. To help us better provide our products and/or services to you, we may share

your information within companies that are associated with common ownership or control in order to

support, integrate, promote and improve the products and/or services we provide to you. However, we

will only share personal information that is necessary and is subject to the purposes stated in this

Privacy Policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they

will ask for your authorization and consent again.

(2) We will share your information with the third-party logistics and distribution service providers,

real-name authentication providers, storage providers and SDK providers responsible for delivery, and

other third parties that implement App, Mini Program and vehicle services and functions.

Please be aware that for the sake of your information security, we currently only cooperate with

partners who have signed strict data security and confidentiality agreements. We promise that we will

not share your personal information with you without your consent.

The Services may contain third-party SDKs, and such third parties may process your information

when you use such services provided by third parties through their SDKs when using the Services. In

order to protect your information security to the greatest extent, we strongly recommend that you

review the privacy policies of any third-party SDK services before using them. For details involving the

processing of personal information by an App embedded in a third-party SDK (including entrusted

processing and sharing), please refer to the List of Third-Party Shared Information and Information

Collected by the SDK.

3.3. Assignment

In principle, we will not transfer control of your personal information to other companies, organizations

or individuals. When we are involved in a merger, acquisition, asset transfer or similar transaction, if

the transfer of personal information is involved, we will inform you of the name or name and contact

information of the recipient, and require the new company or organization that holds your personal

information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise we will require the company or

organization to seek your authorization and consent again.

3.4. Disclosure
We will not disclose your personal information unless we obtain your separate consent.

Special note: In the process of using this service, the personal information that you actively share and

share publicly is not subject to the restrictions of this Privacy Policy (such as forwarding content to

other Internet platforms). You should note that any information you share can be read, collected and

used by any third party, and you should carefully consider the content you publish and disseminate

through the Service and the information that may point to you personally. You are fully aware that

when you make it public on your own, as long as you do not delete the information you have publicly

posted, that information may remain in the public domain forever; In some cases, even if you delete

the information you have publicly posted, such information may still be cached, copied or stored

independently by other users or third parties not affiliated with and controlled by the Service, or stored

in the public domain by other users or third parties. For example, when you forward your answers to

our products and/or services to other Internet platforms, the platform will independently display,

cache or save the content you forwarded, and other Internet users will also forward and save your

answers, and the corresponding pages will not be under our control.

4. How We Protect Your Personal Information

4.1. Security Measures

We will take appropriate security measures and technical measures that comply with industry

standards to store and protect your personal information to prevent its loss, misuse, unauthorized

access or leakage, alteration or destruction. After the collection of personal information, if our

technical resources allow or laws and regulations are compulsory, we will carry out de-identification

processing, and take technical and management measures to store the information that can be used

to recover and identify individuals separately from the de-identified information, and strengthen the

management of access and use permissions. When we store sensitive personal information, we use

security measures such as encryption. In the case of biometric information, we only store summary

information about the biometric information.

We will take the following security technical measures to protect your personal information:

(1) Encrypted transmission protocols are used during data transmission.

(2) Strictly control data access rights, especially the control and review of batch data operation

permissions.

(3) Conduct security tests on the online application system through vulnerability scanning and

penetration testing, and rectify related risks.

(4) Regular backup of data and related recovery usability testing.

(5) Establish a data security monitoring and audit system to carry out comprehensive data security

control.

Other security measures to protect your personal information:

(1) Establish the company's confidentiality and information security committee, coordinate information

security work in a unified manner, promote various information security activities, and promulgate

personal information protection specifications within the company.
(2) Conduct a personal information impact assessment on data security (including user personal

information data) before the system goes online or before major functional changes.

(3) Sign a confidentiality agreement with all employees and service outsourcing personnel, and assign

data access rights in strict accordance with job responsibilities.

(4) Regularly carry out information security education and training for all employees and outsourcing

service personnel of the company.

4.2. Security Incident Response:

(1) In order to deal with possible security risks such as leakage, damage, and loss of personal

information, we have established a security testing process before the system goes online, as well as

internal processing procedures (including emergency response procedures) and remedial measures.

(2) In the event of a security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and risks of

the incident, the measures we have taken or will take, and your suggestions on how to reduce the

risks on your own.

(3) We will promptly notify the affected users of the security incident by push notification, telephone,

etc. When it is difficult to inform users one by one, we will issue warning information by issuing

platform announcements.

5. How you can manage your personal information

In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of the People's Republic of China, we

protect you to exercise the following rights in relation to your personal information:

5.1. Access to your personal information

Except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations, you have the right to access your personal

information. If you would like to exercise your right to access your information, you can do so yourself

in the following ways:

Click "My" - "Avatar" in the Jiyue App to access your name, nickname, avatar, birthday, gender,

region, hobbies, and delivery address information.

If you are unable to access your personal information through the above channels or wish to inquire

about other personal information, as well as if you wish to access your personal information in other

clients, you can contact us at any time through the contact information set out in this Privacy Policy,

and we will complete the identity check and response processing within 15 days.

5.2. Correction of your personal information

You have the right to request that we correct the personal information we process about you when

you find that there is an error in it. You can make corrections in the following ways:

Click "My" - "Avatar" in the Jiyue App to change your name, nickname, avatar, birthday, gender,

region, hobbies, and delivery address information.

Click "Me" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" - "Third-party Platform Account" in the Jiyue

App to unbind the third-party platform account.

Click on the "My" - "Avatar" module of the Jiyue App to change your nickname.

If you are unable to correct your personal information or wish to correct your other personal

information through the above channels, as well as if you wish to correct your personal information in
other clients, you can contact us at any time through the contact information set out in this Privacy

Policy, and we will complete the identity check and respond within 15 days.

5.3. Deletion of your personal information

In the following circumstances, you may request us to delete your personal information, unless your

personal information has been anonymized or otherwise provided by laws and regulations:

(1) If our processing of personal information violates laws, administrative regulations or agreements

with you;

(2) If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account;

(3) if the purpose of our processing has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary

to achieve the purpose of processing;

(4) If we no longer provide you with products or services, or the retention period has expired;

(5) if you withdraw your consent;

(6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

When your personal information is deleted from our services, we may not be able to delete the

corresponding information in the backup system immediately due to technical reasons, but we will

delete or anonymize the information in a timely manner within the time limit stipulated by laws and

regulations when the backup is updated. Please be aware and understand that, in accordance with the

provisions of laws and regulations, if the retention period stipulated by laws and administrative

regulations has not expired, or if it is technically difficult to delete personal information, we will stop

processing it except for storing it and taking necessary security protection measures.

Please be aware that if the user information on the order is deleted, the user process will be abnormal

or unusable (e.g., unable to view the order, unable to view/sign/download the contract, unable to

activate the vehicle, unable to apply for a charging pile, etc.).

5.4. Withdraw your authorization and consent

You have the right to withdraw your authorization, but each business function requires some basic

personal information to be completed, and if a service relies on your authorization to achieve or

operate normally, if you withdraw the relevant authorization, we cannot continue to provide you with

the corresponding services or some functions of the service will be affected. You can withdraw or

change your authorization in the following ways:

You can manage the relevant information permissions in "Me" - "Settings" - "Permission

Management" in the Jiyue App.

When you wish to withdraw your authorization and consent in other clients, you can contact us at any

time through the contact information set out in this Privacy Policy, and we will complete the identity

verification and response processing within 15 days.

After you withdraw the authorization of the relevant permissions, we will not be able to continue to

provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, and we will

no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your

authorization will not affect the processing of personal information previously carried out based on

your authorization.

5.5. Cancellation of Your Account
The cancellation of your account will affect your rights and interests under the Jiyue service

system, such as authority association, identity confirmation, rights and interests attribution, points

and other related rights and interests, and you shall be responsible for your inability to enjoy

relevant services or rights normally due to account cancellation, as well as the adverse

consequences caused thereby. At the same time, after you cancel your account, you may not be

able to register your account again with the same mobile phone number. Therefore, please consider

carefully before applying for account cancellation.

You can apply for cancellation of your account when you confirm that there are no vehicles,

unfinished orders, or other matters that need to be associated with your authority, identity, or rights

and interests through your account.

You can click "Me" - "Settings" - "Account and Security" - "Cancel Account" in the Jiyue App to

cancel your account.

When you wish to cancel your account in other clients, you can contact us at any time through the

contact information set out in this Privacy Policy, and we will complete the identity verification and

response processing within 15 days.

After the account is cancelled, we will stop providing you with products or services, and delete or

anonymize your personal information in accordance with your requirements and this Privacy Policy,

unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.

5.6. Obtain a copy of your personal information or provide a means of transfer

If you need a copy of the personal information we have collected about you, you may contact us

through the contact information set out in this Privacy Policy. After the relevant personnel have

carried out the necessary identity verification on you, a copy of the personal information will be

submitted to you in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and under the premise that it is

technically feasible.

If you request to transfer your personal information to the personal information processor you

designate, we will provide a channel for the transfer if you meet the conditions stipulated by the CAC.

5.7. The right to obtain an explanation and restriction of processing

You have the right to request us to explain the personal information processing rules or restrict our

processing of your personal information, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. You can

contact us using the contact details set out in this Privacy Policy.

5.9. Respond to your requests above

For security purposes, you may be required to provide a written request or otherwise prove your

identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. Typically, we will

complete the identity check and response processing within fifteen days.

In principle, we do not charge a fee for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain cost fee

for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits due to repeated requests. We may reject requests

that are repetitive without justifiable reasons, require excessive technical means (e.g., need to develop

new systems or fundamentally change current practices), pose a risk to the legitimate rights and

interests of others, or are highly impractical (e.g., involving information stored on backup tapes).

If we decide not to respond to your request, we will inform you of the decision and the reasons for our

decision, and you can contact us using the contact details set out in this Privacy Policy.
6. How We Process the Personal Information of Minors

Our products and services are primarily intended for adults. Minors under the age of 18 are not

allowed to use our products or services without the consent of their parents or guardians.

If we find that we have collected personal information from minors without prior verifiable parental

consent, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible. If at any time the guardian has

reason to believe that we have collected the personal information of minors, please contact us

through the contact information set out in this Privacy Policy, and we will take steps to complete the

identity check and process the response within 15 days.

7. How we store your personal information

7.1. In principle, the personal information we collect and generate within the territory of the People's

Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China, and we will not

transfer your personal information abroad.

7.2. In principle, you authorize us to store your personal information during your use of the Services,

and we will store your personal information for the shortest time necessary to achieve the purpose of

your authorized use; After the above storage period of personal information is exceeded, we will

delete or anonymize the personal information. If laws and regulations provide otherwise, we will handle

it in accordance with the mandatory provisions.

8. Updates to this Privacy Policy

Our Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Before the new version of the Privacy Policy

takes effect, we will notify you or remind you of the update of the relevant content in other

appropriate ways, and please log in to the Jiyue Network Platform in time to understand the latest

Privacy Policy. We may also help you better manage your personal information through feature

updates, please pay attention to the relevant function descriptions in the Jiyue Network Platform. For

major changes, we will also notify you in a more prominent form, such as a login pop-up or by

sending you an email directly (if you have a reservation). The material changes referred to in this

Privacy Policy mainly include:

(1) There has been a significant change in our service model. Such as the purpose of processing

personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the way in which personal

information is used;

(2) We have undergone significant changes in our ownership structure, organizational structure, etc.

Such as changes in ownership caused by business adjustments, mergers and acquisitions, bankruptcy,

etc.;

(3) Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer, or disclosure;

(4) There are significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal

information and the way in which they are exercised;
(5) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high

risk;

(6) Changes in the departments responsible for handling personal information security, contact

information and complaint channels.

9. How to Contact Us

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us

through the following contact information set out in this Privacy Policy:

Online customer service: You can click "Me" - "Contact Customer Service" in WeChat "Jiyue Mini

Program" to contact our online customer service, and the online customer service working hours are

9:00-21:00.

If you have any questions about the protection of personal information and other matters, you can

contact us through the privacy affairs protection email: data.privacy@jiyue-auto.com.

We will review the issue as soon as possible and respond to your request as soon as possible.

This Agreement is signed in Jiading District, Shanghai, People's Republic of China, and if you have

any dispute with us, both parties shall try their best to resolve it through friendly negotiation.

Supplementary Provisions: Definitions

Personal information: refers to all kinds of information related to an identified or identifiable natural

person recorded electronically or by other means, including but not limited to the name, date of birth,

ID number, personal biometric information, address, and telephone number of a natural person,

excluding anonymized information.

Sensitive personal information: refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, is

likely to cause the personal dignity of a natural person to be violated or the personal or property

safety to be endangered, including biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health

information, financial accounts, whereabouts and tracks, as well as the personal information of minors

under the age of 14.

Affiliates: Affiliates refer to Shanghai Jidu Automobile Co., Ltd. and other units or collectives that have

an affiliated relationship with us. "Affiliation" means, with respect to any entity (including an individual,

corporation, partnership, organization, or any other entity), that is, a subject that directly or indirectly

controls, or directly or indirectly controls, or is controlled directly or indirectly by the same entity. The

aforesaid "control" refers to the possession of the power to give instructions or instruct others to give

instructions or instruct others to give instructions or in fact constitute actual control through the

holding of voting rights, contracts or other means.

Log information: refers to the content you publish or browse when you use the Service, the operation

time, type, network origin address, destination address, port, access date and time, and login IP

information when you publish the content.

Device information: system version, device vendor, IP address, hardware-related information,

operating system, device model, device type, network status, and device identifier (including

IDFV(IOS)/OAID/IDFA(IOS))
