Privacy Statement for Application Services

Last Updated May 2, 2022

Introduction

Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Statement describes how we, General Motors Holdings LLC 

and its affiliates (“GM” or “we” or “us”), collect, use, and share information (including the location of 

your OnStar-equipped eligible vehicle (your “Vehicle”) and how your Vehicle is used) when you 

download this software application (“Application”) to your phone or other Internet-connected device 

(your “Device”) and when you use the services available through the Application.

This Application provides access to various functions and services including accessing vehicle functions 

or locating your Vehicle as well as the ability to access third party service provider services (the 

“Application Services.”)

It is your responsibility to ensure that all users of your Vehicle know that anyone with access to the 

Application Services through your Device may be able to access information about your account and 

your Vehicle, including the location of your Vehicle. 

In some cases, this Application may let you grant other people access to your Vehicle or the Application 

Services. If you grant access, those people may be able to view your Account Information, VehicleRelated Information and Driving Information, including location of your Vehicle. 

This Privacy Statement incorporates the OnStar Privacy Statement, which is posted at 

www.onstar.com/privacy, and which also applies to your use of other OnStar services. Together these 

privacy statements describe our privacy practices for the Application Services. Capitalized terms, if not 

defined in this Privacy Statement, are defined in the OnStar Privacy Statement. 

The links below are provided for your convenience to highlight main sections. You may click the links to 

directly access associated content or continue scrolling to view this Privacy Statement.

• Introduction

• Information We Collect

• Use of Your Information

• Restricting the Collection of Location and Speed Information 

• Sharing of Information 

• Tracking Technologies 

• Limiting Marketing and Promotional Communications

• Biometric Authentication

• Security

• Changes to This Privacy Statement

• Access

• How to Contact

Information We Collect
We collect information from you as described in the OnStar Privacy Statement. In addition, when you 

download the Application or use the Application Services, the types of your information that we may 

collect include: 

• Device information, such as the location of your Device, Device type, Device operating system, 

Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique identifier, type of browser, Internet service provider, 

information about your use of the Application, and phone number; 

• Information about your use of the Application, including screen view time, scrolling, specific 

actions to activate features or otherwise navigate the application, reactions to alerts, searches, 

and your interactions with in-application marketing offers; 

• Account information, vehicle-related information, and driving Information, such as the 

location and speed of your Vehicle based on GPS; and 

• Information about you from additional online and offline sources including commercially or 

publicly available third-party sources. 

We collect and treat this information as described in the OnStar Privacy Statement. 

Use of Your Information 

We use the information we collect as described in the OnStar Privacy Statement. For example, we use 

the information to: 

• Provide the Application Services; 

• Communicate with you about your account or the Application Services; and 

• Provide you with marketing offers that may interest you, including offers relevant to the 

location of your Device; 

• Improve, troubleshoot, and evaluate the use of our products and Services (including the 

Application); and 

• Conduct research. 

Restricting the Collection of Location and Speed Information 

You can restrict our access to and collection of the location of your Device by disabling location-sharing 

on your Device, if that feature is available on your Device. 

Some of the Application Services require access to and collection of the location and speed of your 

Vehicle. We collect location and speed of your Vehicle when you access or use the Application Services, 

or as otherwise disclosed in the OnStar Privacy Statement. You can restrict our access to and collection 

of location and speed of your Vehicle, or the location of your Device, by not using the Application 

Services. 

Sharing of Information 

We may share information we collect about you as described in the OnStar Privacy Statement. For 

example, we share information with necessary third parties when you use the Application to make 
requests for third party or related services available through the Application, such as for dealer 

maintenance appointments or roadside assistance. We may share the location of your Device in the 

same manner as we share location and speed of your Vehicle. For example, we may share the location 

of your Device with: 

• third party service providers working on our behalf, 

• emergency service providers, 

• others when required by law, and 

• those you ask us to share this information with. 

We may also share the location of your Device when necessary to provide the Application Services to 

you; to comply with legal obligations; to protect the safety and rights of you and others; for product 

safety and security purposes; and for the purposes described in the OnStar Privacy Statement. 

Tracking Technologies 

GM may use device tracking technologies that allow us to identify you on your Device in a unique 

manner, such as use of IP address or VIN, to gather information about your activity within the 

Application Services, such as demographic data, browser type, pages visited, activities conducted on the 

page, and the day and time of your visit. GM uses this information, sometimes across devices, to 

measure your activity, remember your preferences, maximize and improve the performance of our 

products and services, and customize your experience. For more information about GM’s use of tracking 

technologies, please see the OnStar Privacy Statement. 

Limiting Marketing and Promotional Communications

You may choose to limit the marketing and promotional communications we send you. You can do this 

by contacting us at 1.888.4ONSTAR and selecting your contact preferences. We will also provide opt-out 

instructions in all of our promotional communication channels; for example, an unsubscribe option will 

appear at the bottom of all marketing-related emails or you can reply “Stop” to unsubscribe from a 

specific text message campaign. 

Biometric Authentication

If you elect to use biometric authentication (e.g. Touch ID, fingerprint scanning, or Face ID) you should 

refer to your Device manufacturer’s product information regarding biometric authentication. We do not 

collect biometric data or control biometric authentication on your Device. After successful 

authentication, you will be given the choice to enable biometric authentication on your Device to access 

Application Services in the future. If you change your mind, you may disable this feature through your 

Device settings or by logging out of Application Services and turning biometric authentication off.

Security 

We use technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect your information and we 

require third party service providers to maintain similar safeguards against loss, misuse, and 

unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, destruction, or theft of your information. 

Changes to This Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to update this Privacy Statement from time to time for any reason. We will notify 

you of a material change to this Privacy Statement by placing a notice on www.onstar.com/privacy or 

within the Application on your Device, or by notifying you via email or postal mail. 

Access 

If you would like to access or ensure the accuracy of your Account Information, please contact us as 

described below. 

How to Contact 

OnStar For general questions about the Application Services, visit www.onstar.com or call us 

1.888.4.ONSTAR (1.888.466.7827). If you have questions about our privacy practices, contact the Privacy 

Manager by email at privacymanager@OnStar.com, by mail to OnStar Privacy Manager, P.O. Box 1027, 

Warren, Michigan, 48090-1027, or by calling us at 1.877.299.1372
