Privacy Policy 
 Pentium Digital Key User Privacy Policy Update Date: 28 July 2021 Effective Date: 28 July 2021 This privacy policy is only applicable to Pentium Digital Key service. Last updated: July 28, 2021 If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, please contact us through the following contact information: Tel: 400-888-8080 This privacy policy will help you understand the following: i. How we collect and use your personal information ii, How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information IV. How we protect your personal information V. Your rights VI, "We understand the importance of personal information to you and will do our best to protect the security and reliability of your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and protecting your personal information by adhering to the following principles: the principle of consistent authority and responsibility, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice of consent, the principle of minimum necessary, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, and the principle of openness and transparency. At the same time, we promise that we will take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information in accordance with the mature security standards in the industry. Please read and understand this privacy policy carefully before using our digital key products (or services). I. How we collect and use your personal information Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded by electronic or other means that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. In order to better provide services to you, we collect and use the following personal information when you use the car control service and key sharing function. (1) Registration information When you use our services, you can log in to your registered account. When registering for an account, you will need to provide your cell phone number and password to create an account. (2) Identity verification When you use functions or services that require identity verification, such as adding a vehicle or retrieving a password, you need to actively provide your cell phone number to complete the verification. The aforementioned information is your personal sensitive information. If you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to use the functions and services of adding vehicles, activating keys, sharing keys and controlling vehicles, but will not affect the normal use of other functions and services. (3) Vehicle Registration When you use Add Vehicle, you need to authorize to agree to open the camera, photo album permission so that we can obtain your driving license information or you voluntarily enter the vehicle VIN number to complete the authentication. The aforementioned information contains your personal sensitive information, if you refuse to provide the above information, you will not be able to add a vehicle. (4) Vehicle location In order to facilitate you to locate your vehicle and use our car control service normally, we will remind you to grant permission to turn on Bluetooth, location, and collect information about the location of the device (IP address, GPS location, and Wi-Fi access point, Bluetooth and base station sensor information that can provide relevant information). The aforementioned information contains your personal sensitive information, if you are not authorized to turn on the "location service" will result in the vehicle not being scanned and the vehicle connection failing. (5) Key sharing When you use the key sharing function, you need to follow the pop-up prompt to open the address book permission or enter the cell phone number of the key sharing person. The aforementioned information is your personal sensitive information, if you do not provide the aforementioned information or open the corresponding permission, key sharing may not be carried out You will not be able to use the key sharing function, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by us. (6) Security management When you use our services, we will record the frequency of using the software and related services, crash data, access service records, log information of usage, as well as device model, device software version information, device identification code, location, and network usage. When you contact us, we will keep your correspondence/call records or contact information that you have left in order to contact you to help you resolve the problem or to record the solution and outcome of the problem. The aforementioned information contains your sensitive personal information, if you do not agree to our recording of the aforementioned information, risk management may not be achieved. In order to ensure the operation of Pentium Digital Key APP in a safe and trustworthy environment and to protect your personal information and vehicle security, we will actively read your IMEI, APP ID, Android ID and hardware serial number for the necessity of security initialization. You are fully aware that your authorized consent is not required for the collection and use of your personal information in the following cases: (1) in connection with the performance of the obligations of the controller of personal information under laws and regulations; (2) directly related to national security and national defense security; (3) directly related to public safety, public health, and significant public interests; (4) in connection with criminal investigations, prosecutions, trials, and execution of judgments, (5) in order to protect the life, property and other significant legitimate rights and interests of the subject of personal information or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person; (6) the personal information collected is disclosed to the public by the subject of personal information; (7) necessary for the conclusion and performance of contracts at the request of the subject of personal information; (8) your personal information collected from legitimate public disclosure of information (8) Personal information collected from legitimate public disclosures, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure channels, etc.; (9) Necessary for academic research institutions to conduct statistical or academic research in the public interest and to de-identify personal information contained in the results when providing the results of academic research or descriptions to the public; (10) Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as the detection and disposal of product or (10) necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as the detection and disposal of product or service failures. We may invoke some of your device permissions in the course of providing services. The following are the business functions, purposes of invocation and inquiries corresponding to the invoked permissions. You can refuse to allow us to collect your personal information by choosing to turn off some or all of the permissions in the settings function of the device. The display and closing of permissions may vary from device to device, please refer to your device description for details. (1) List of device permissions we retrieve System type Device permissions Corresponding functions Purpose of calling permissions Whether to ask the user whether the permissions can be turned off Effects when the permissions are turned off iOS Bluetooth Vehicle connection, car control Digital key connects to the vehicle via Bluetooth for car control Ask when connecting to the vehicle Yes Cannot connect to the vehicle WLAN and cellular network User login, key download, use Download, share and revoke keys, online Search, pull configuration items Ask when connecting to the network for the first time Yes APP does not work properly Notifications All functions Send message After successful Bluetooth connection of the vehicle Yes No message notification Albums Add vehicle ocr identify driver's license information When using the corresponding function user selects "Upload from album" Yes Manual input of vehicle VIN code Contacts Share Keys Get address book information, for sharing keys directly select the authorized person's cell phone number without manual input When using the corresponding function user selects address book Yes Manual input of authorized cell phone number is required Camera Add vehicle ocr recognize driver's license information When using the corresponding function user selects open photo Yes Manual input of vehicle VIN code is required Android Bluetooth Vehicle connection, car control Digital key connects to vehicle via Bluetooth connection to the vehicle, used to control the vehicle When connecting to the vehicle Ask Yes Cannot connect to the vehicle WLAN and cellular network User login, key download, use Download, share and revoke keys, online search, pull configuration items No need to ask Yes APP does not work properly Read location information Vehicle connection Android system requires location permission for Bluetooth connection When changing to Bluetooth connection when opening the client for the first time Ask Yes Cannot connect to vehicle Read contact information Share key Get address book information, select authorized person's cell phone number directly when sharing key, no need to input manually When using the corresponding function user selects address book Yes Need to input authorized person's cell phone number manually Use camera Add vehicle When adding vehicle, ocr recognizes driver's license information When adding vehicle user selects open photo Yes Need to input vehicle manually VIN code Read, write or delete storage Core business functions, including: user login, add/delete vehicles, key activation/download/logout, vehicle connection, vehicle status display Get user vehicle, user personal configuration item information Ask when registering/logging Yes APP not working properly Get cell phone identification code User login Get device information to ensure user use on single device When registering/logging Ask Yes APP can't be used normally Notification All functions Send message After vehicle Bluetooth connection successfully Yes No message notification (2) Explanation of using dangerous permissions Among the above permissions we apply to call, the following permissions belong to dangerous permissions, and the specific dangerous permissions and the usage we call are explained as follows: Permission Meaning Dangerous level Whether to use Usage Effect of not opening the permission Modify/delete the content in SD card Dangerous Yes Store the model picture, store the digital key APP can't be used normally Read the phone status and identity Dangerous Yes Security initialization APP can't be used normally Read the content on SD card Dangerous Yes Show the model picture, use the digital key APP can't be used normally Access the camera Dangerous Yes Identify the driving license frame number Need to enter the vehicle VIN number manually Retrieve the currently running application Dangerous Yes Used to pull up the APP via Pull up APP by push message Cannot pull up APP by push message Read contact data Danger Yes For key sharing Requires manual input of the cell phone number of the person being shared The information you provide above will be licensed to us continuously for the duration of your use of the Service. When you cancel your account, we will stop using and delete the information we have collected. The above information will be stored in the People's Republic of China. If we need to transfer it across borders, we will obtain your separately authorized consent. We will ask for your prior consent when we want to use the information for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy. We will obtain your prior consent when we use information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes. How we use Token verification technology and third-party SDK (a) Token verification technology We enable Token for the same purpose as most applications or Internet service providers enable Token. When you use Pentium Digital Key application or its services, Pentium Digital Key may store your user information in your device in the form of Token. A Token is a small text data placed on your device by the mobile application service. Tokens cannot be used to run programs and will not spread viruses to your device. Each Token is independent, contains all the data to check its validity, and conveys user information by assertion. The purpose of using Token is to provide you with a time-saving and easy-to-use feature by recording the login information in such a way that you do not need to repeat the login operation every time you access the application service. (2) Use of third-party SDK In order to ensure the safe and stable operation and function of Pentium Digital Key client, so that you can use and enjoy more services and functions, our APP will be embedded with the SDK of our partners, and the functions of our application are as follows: Name of third party Type of personal information collected Whether it is necessary Whether it is sensitive information Purpose of collection Titanium Horse Information Network Technology Co. Cell phone number Yes Yes SMS notification Beijing Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd. User code Yes No Xiaomi message Shenzhen Akerite Technology Co., Ltd. Driving license Yes Yes Driving license VIN code identification Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co. We will also agree with SDK partners on personal information and data protection measures so that they can handle the information in accordance with the requirements and confidentiality measures of this privacy policy and laws and regulations. How we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information In order for you to use our digital keys properly, certain services must be provided by our authorized partners. We will share your personal information with such authorized partners in accordance with the principles described in this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose your personal information to relevant law enforcement or other governmental authorities when required to do so by applicable law or in response to legal process. We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual outside of FAW Pentium Sedan Co. Except for the following cases: 1. Sharing with explicit consent or authorization: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties. 2. We may share your personal information with external parties in accordance with laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of government authorities. 3. Sharing with Authorized Partners: Some of our services will be provided by authorized partners only to achieve the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. We may share certain of your personal information with our partners in order to provide better customer service and user experience. (1) SMS notification: In order to keep you informed of the service status and function usage, we authorize our partner (Titanium Horse Information Network Technology Co., Ltd.) to push messages to you in a timely manner by SMS notification. (2) Xiaomi message service: In order to facilitate your timely understanding of the service status and function usage, we authorize our partner (Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd.) to push messages to you in a timely manner by way of APP notification. (3) OCR driving license identification: In order to facilitate you to bind your vehicle, we authorize our partner (Shenzhen AcuRite Technology Co., Ltd.) to obtain your vehicle VIN code by way of image identification. (4) Equipment model, software version and network usage reading: To ensure the normal operation of the digital key service, we authorize our partner (Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd.) to read the equipment model, software version and network usage. (5) After-sale service: In order to provide good after-sale service of digital key, our authorized partner (Shanghai Yinji Information Security Technology Co., Ltd.) will be informed of your cell phone number and vehicle VIN code. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and the authorized partners will only have access to the information they need to perform the service provision, and will not use the personal information they access for other purposes. Currently, our authorized partners include Titanium Horse Information Network Technology Co. For companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them and authorize