Meidu Technology (Tianjin) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "us" and "our") attaches great importance to the privacy and personal information protection of users. When you use our related services, we may collect and use information about you. Through this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy"), we would like to explain to you how we collect, use, transfer and share this information when you use our services, and how we provide you with access to, update, control and protect this information. This Policy is closely related to the services you use, and we hope that you will carefully read and thoroughly understand this Policy, and make choices as you deem appropriate in accordance with the guidance of this Policy when necessary. We will try our best to be concise and concise about the relevant technical terms involved in this policy so that you can understand them. Once you use our services, it means that you have fully understood and agreed that we collect, use, transfer and share your relevant information in accordance with this policy. When we update this Policy, your continued use of our services means that you have fully understood and agreed to the update of this Policy. Clause
1 of Privacy Policy: How We Collect and Use Your Personal InformationPersonal
information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. We will only collect and use your user information for the business functions described in this Policy, and the purpose of collecting information is to provide you with services and ensure that we comply with applicable relevant laws, regulations and other normative documents. You have the right to choose whether or not to provide this information, but in most cases, if you do not provide it, we may not be able to provide you with the corresponding services and respond to the problems you encounter. When you use our services, we are allowed to collect information that you provide to us or necessary to provide services to you, including but not limited to: your name, age, gender, date of birth, ID number/passport number, telephone number (including mobile phone), social media accounts such as WeChat and QQ, email address, bank account and other information.
(1) We will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes: 1. To provide you with services related to user registration, product registration, mall shopping and other services; 2. Publicity, promotion, operation, activity feedback and survey of various activities used to provide services to you; 3. To ensure the safety of your use of our products or services, to protect the personal and property safety of you, other users or the public, to maintain network security or eliminate network faults, and to take necessary recording, auditing, analysis or disposal measures in accordance with the law.
(2) Other purposes When we want to use your information for other purposes not specified in this Policy, we will obtain your consent in advance.
(3) Circumstances of collecting information through third-party SDKs In order to ensure the realization of some functions of remote vehicle control and the safe and stable operation of applications, we may access the software development kit (SDK) provided by a third party to achieve related purposes. In the process of using remote car control, these third parties will collect and process relevant information in accordance with their own privacy policies to provide some functional services normally. We will conduct strict security tests on the software tool development kit (SDK) for the information obtained by the partners to protect the reasonable use and security of your personal information. We list the relevant third-party SDKs in the catalog. Please note that the data processing type of the third-party SDK may change due to its version upgrade, policy adjustment, etc., please refer to the privacy policy published by the third-party SDK.
Alipay Payment
Provider Name: Ant Financial Services Group
Personal Information Type: Unique Device Identifier, SIM Card Serial Number, Device MAC Address, Network Information, IP AddressPurpose
of Use: In-App PaymentPrivacy
Policy: https://opendocs.alipay.com/open/01g6qm
WeChat SDK, WeChat Share and Payment SDK
Provider Name: Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd
. Personal information type: unique device identification code, network information
Purpose of use: In-app users can share content to WeChat, in-app paymentPrivacy
Policy: https://open.weixin.qq.com/
AutoNavi Map
ProviderName: AutoNavi Software Co., Ltd
. Personal information type: unique device identification code, geolocation information
Purpose of use: In order to receive orders
with users within the appPrivacy Policy: https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/

Flutter SDK
Provider Name: Flutter
Personal information type: unique device identification code, geolocation informationPurpose
of use: Obtain the content of the clipboard so that users can copy the information, which is convenient and fast

(4) Exceptions to obtaining authorization and consent In accordance with the provisions of relevant laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to collect and use your personal information under the following circumstances: 1. Related to national security and national defense security; 2. Related to public safety, public health, or major public interests; 3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; 4. For the purpose of protecting the life, property, or other major lawful rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual; 5. The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject himself/herself; 6. Personal information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as lawful news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels; 7. Where it is necessary to sign and perform a contract at the request of the Personal Data Subject; 8. It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of faults of products or services; 9. When it is necessary for academic research institutions to carry out statistical or academic research based on public interests, and when the results of academic research or descriptions are provided to the public, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified; 11. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

2. Self-start and associated startup instructions
In order to ensure that the application can normally receive the broadcast information pushed by the client when it is closed or running in the background, the application must use the (auto-start) ability, and there will be a certain frequency of broadcasting through the system to wake up the application to self-start or associate the startup behavior, which is necessary
to realize the functions and services Cookies and similar technologies
(1) Cookies To ensure the proper functioning of the website, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. Cookies allow websites to store data such as your preferences. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can erase all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a function to block cookies. However, if you do so, you will need to change your user settings every time you visit our website.
IV. How We Share, Transfer, and Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
(1) Sharing We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than Meidu Technology and the service providers of this website, except in the following circumstances: 1. Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will share your personal information with other parties. 2. We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation disputes, or administrative and judicial authorities. 3. Sharing with our affiliates: Your personal information may be shared with Meidu Technology's affiliates. We will only share personal information that is necessary and is subject to the purposes stated in this Policy. If the affiliates of Meidu Technology want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will ask for your authorization and consent again. 4. Sharing with authorized partners: For the purpose stated in this Policy, some of our services will be provided by authorized partners. We may share some of your personal information with our partners to provide better customer service and user experience. We will only share your personal information for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and will only share the personal information necessary to provide services. Our partners are not authorized to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.
(2) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances: 1. Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties. 2. In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
(3) Public disclosure We will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances: 1. After obtaining your explicit consent; 2. Disclosure based on law: in law, lawWe may publicly disclose your personal information in the event of legal proceedings, litigation or mandatory requirements from government authorities.
(4) Exceptions to Obtaining Prior Authorization and Consent When Sharing, Transferring, or Publicly Disclosing Personal Information In the following circumstances, sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information does not require your prior authorization and consent: 1. It is directly related to national security and national defense security; 2. Directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests; 3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement; 4. For the purpose of protecting the life, property, or other major lawful rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual; 5. Personal information disclosed to the public by the personal information subject on its own; 6. Personal information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels. 7. In accordance with the provisions of the law, if the personal information that has been de-identified is shared or transferred, and the data recipient is not able to recover and re-identify the personal information subject, there will be no need to notify you separately and obtain your consent for the storage and processing of such data.
V. How We Protect Your Personal Information
(1) We will adopt reasonable and feasible security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide and prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of the data.
(2) We will take reasonable and feasible measures to avoid collecting irrelevant personal information as much as possible and protect your personal information.
(3) We will retain your personal information for a necessary and reasonable period of time.
(4) The Internet is not an absolutely secure environment, and it is impossible to determine whether the methods of communication with other users, such as e-mail, instant messaging, and social software, are fully encrypted, so we recommend that you use complex passwords when using such tools, properly protect your personal information, and only send and share personal information cautiously when necessary. Please use a complex password to help us keep your account secure. Please note that the information you voluntarily share, or even publicly shared, when you use our services, may involve your or others' personal information. Please be more careful about whether you share or even publicly share relevant information when using our services.
VI. Your Rights
(1) In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of the People's Republic of China, we ensure that you exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information: You have the right to correct or delete the personal information you have provided, change the scope of your authorization and consent, or cancel your account, except for exceptions stipulated by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise the above rights, you can do so in the manner prompted on our specific collection of personal information pages.
VII. How We Process the Personal Information
of Minors(1) We attach great importance to the protection of the personal information of minors. Our products, websites, and services are primarily intended for adults. Minors under the age of 18 may not create their own user accounts without the consent of their parents or guardians.
(2) For the personal information of minors collected with parental consent, we will only use or publicly disclose this information as permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or as necessary to protect minors.
8. How this Policy is UpdatedIn
order to provide you with better services and with the development of our business, this Policy will also be changed in a timely manner. However, without your express consent, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of the update of the relevant content by posting the updated version on this website and reminding you of the update of the relevant content through the website announcement or other appropriate means before it takes effect, and please visit this website to keep abreast of the latest privacy policy.
9. Description of
use rights (1) The user needs to turn on the recording permission to get the broadcast of the vehicle starting, turning off, opening and closing the door.
(2) The user needs to turn on the positioning permission to obtain the current location of the vehicle.
(3) The user needs to turn on the camera permission so that he can modify the user's avatar and scan the QR code function
, (4) The user needs to turn on the permission of the memory card in order to obtain the local picture, change the avatar and scan the QR code function
, (5) The user needs to obtain the call status and mobile network information so that he can contact the customer, and use Bluetooth to control the car
when there is no network
10. Cancellation of Account
(1) You have the right to cancel your account registered in the remote car control product or service at any time. If you need to cancel your account, you can cancel your remote car control account through [My - About Us - Cancel Account] Before canceling the remote car control account, please confirm the assets, account and transaction status of the One Wallet account, once the remote car control account is cancelled, it cannot be recovered.
(2) After the cancellation of the remote control account, all the information in your account will be cleared, and we will no longer collect, use or share the personal information related to the account, but if the previous information is required by laws and regulations, we will keep it as required, and the competent authorities still have the right to inquire according to law during the time of legal storage.
11. How to contact us If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Policy, please contact us.
