Privacy Policy of FuYu App/Mini Program
Effective Date: May 30, 2023

We value the protection of your personal information and privacy rights! Changan Ford Automobile Co., Ltd. (referred to as "we" in this policy) is committed to protecting your personal information. We will take corresponding security measures in accordance with legal requirements to protect the security and controllability of your personal information. At the same time, we hope to help you understand how we collect, use, share, store, and protect your personal information, as well as how you can manage your personal information through this Privacy Policy. You can visit the "Privacy Policy of FuYu App/Mini Program" page in the "About FuYu" section of the FuYu App/Mini Program settings at any time to access this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy applies to the following scenarios in which we collect and use your personal information: (1) when you browse and use the functions or services of the FuYu App/Mini Program, and (2) when you interact with us and provide personal information through online or offline activities organized by us.

Before using the products and/or services of the FuYu App/Mini Program, please read and fully understand this Privacy Policy, especially the provisions marked in bold/underlined. By clicking "Agree" and confirming the submission, you will be deemed to have agreed to this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding the content of this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at any time according to the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:

1. How we collect and use personal information
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose personal information
4. How we store personal information
5. How we protect the security of personal information
6. How you manage personal information
7. Special provisions for the protection of information of minors
8. How this policy is updated
9. How to contact us

1. How we collect and use personal information
When you use the products and/or services of the FuYu App/Mini Program, the personal information we need/may need to collect and use can be divided into the following two categories:
(1) Necessary Information: The personal information we need to collect and use to provide you with a specific function of the FuYu App/Mini Program. The lack of such information will prevent you from using the relevant function.
(2) Non-Necessary Information: Additional personal information that we hope to collect and use to enrich and enhance your user experience, develop new products, etc. The lack of such information may affect the optimal effect of using the product and/or service of the FuYu App/Mini Program, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of the FuYu App/Mini Program.

You are free to choose whether to allow us to collect any necessary or non-necessary information and to use or refuse any products and/or services in the FuYu App/Mini Program. We have listed the necessary information and non-necessary information that the FuYu App/Mini Program requires to collect for each product and/or service for you to make an informed decision. We will not collect related personal information until you start using such products and/or services. If we want to use your personal information for purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, or use the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, or collect sensitive personal information, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again before using it.

In addition, the FuYu App/Mini Program may contain or access third-party products and/or services (referred to as "Third-Party Services") that are not owned or controlled by us. Although this Privacy Policy does not apply to Third-Party Services, we will make every effort to require third-party service providers to provide sufficient security protection for your personal information and inform you in an obvious manner on the specific product page if the service is provided by a specific third party. To ensure that you make an informed decision, we recommend that you carefully read the rules of the third party regarding the collection and use of personal information when accessing and using third-party services.

When you use the products and/or services of the FuYu App/Mini Program, we will collect and use the following personal information:
1.1 Account registration and management
To use the FuYu App/Mini Program, you need to register a FuYu App/Mini Program account, which is the basis for us to provide you with the following functions. When you register a FuYu App/Mini Program account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number as instructed.

You can also choose to register and log in to the FuYu App/Mini Program account directly using a third-party platform account, such as WeChat, QQ, or Apple ID. In this case, you still need to provide us with your mobile phone number as instructed to complete the registration of the FuYu App/Mini Program account. With your consent, we will bind your FuYu App/Mini Program account with the third-party platform account, so that you can directly use the third-party platform account to log in to the FuYu App/Mini Program platform.

To ensure that we are providing services to you personally, we may verify your mobile phone number by sending a verification code. When you perform operations in the FuYu App/Mini Program that may have a significant impact on your personal or property rights, we may require you to verify your identity again to ensure the security of your account.

You can also choose not to register a FuYu App/Mini Program account, but in this case, you can only use limited functions such as browsing page content and scheduling test drives.
1.2 Test drive reservation
To provide you with the "test drive reservation" service, we need to collect and use your name, gender, contact phone number, province and city where you are located, preferred dealer, and expected time to test drive. Changan Ford Automobile Co., Ltd. and/or its affiliates, dealers will contact you and arrange related services. If you have provided the above information before, we will directly retrieve it from the system.
1.3 Vehicle reservation
To provide you with the "vehicle reservation" service, we need to collect and use your name, contact phone number, source of reservation, your location information, and the dealer for car delivery. Changan Ford Automobile Co., Ltd. and/or its affiliates, dealers will contact you and arrange related services. If you have provided the above information before, we will directly retrieve it from the system.
1.4 Online appointment
To provide you with online appointment for maintenance, repair, inspection, and other after-sales services, we need to collect and use your name, contact phone number, vehicle identification number, license plate number, location information, and estimated time of arrival. Changan Ford Automobile Co., Ltd. and/or its affiliates, dealers will contact you and arrange related services. If you have provided the above information before, we will directly retrieve it from the system.
1.5 Vehicle owner certification
To provide you with services such as door-to-door pick-up and delivery, scheduled maintenance, we need to collect and use your name, contact phone number, vehicle identification number, ID card or driver's license, driver's license or purchase invoice information to verify your identity as a vehicle owner. If you have provided the above information before, we will directly retrieve it from the system.
1.6 Transparent Workshop
When you use this feature, we need to obtain your contact phone number and license plate number to verify your identity and vehicle, and provide you with transparent workshop services. If you do not provide this information, we will be unable to provide you with this service.
1.7 Work order inquiry
When you use this feature, we need to obtain your signature and payment account information. If you do not provide this information, we will be unable to provide you with this service.
1.8 Roadside Assistance
When you use this service, you need to provide or allow us to collect necessary information, including: contact person, contact phone number, license plate number, vehicle location, type of assistance. If you do not provide this information, we will be unable to provide you with this service.
1.9 Door-to-door pick-up and delivery
To provide you with door-to-door pick-up and delivery service, we need to collect and use the following information: contact person's name, contact phone number, destination address, vehicle location, license plate number, pick-up time, delivery time, selected designated driver company. We will contact you and arrange related services together with our affiliates/dealers. If you do not provide this information, we will be unable to provide you with this service.
1.10 Posting information
When you use the FuYu App/Mini Program to post information (such as posts, events, surveys), you need to authorize us to access the photos, media content, and files on your device. When you choose to display your location, you need to authorize us to access your location information.
1.11 Sharing content
When you want to share relevant content in the FuYu App/Mini Program to third-party apps, you need to authorize us to access the installation list information on your device to determine if the relevant third-party apps are installed.
1.12 Product redemption
To provide you with the "product redemption" service, we need to collect and use your shipping information, including recipient's name, address, contact phone number, etc., for product delivery. If you have provided the above information before, we will directly retrieve it from the system.
1.13 Security guarantee for you
In order to ensure the secure and stable operation of the products and/or services provided to you, prevent computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusion, and other security risks, we will collect and use your device information (including device model, software and operating system version), network log information, unique
