

In order to explain how the style control car will collect, use and store, protect your personal information and your rights, we will explain the relevant matters to you through this privacy policy, which will help you understand the following:
1. What personal information we collect about you.
2. Use of Cookies.
3. How We Use Your Personal Information.
4. How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
5. How we protect your personal information.
6. Your Rights.
7. Protection of Minors.
8. Storage of your personal information.
We are well aware of the importance of your personal information and will do our best to protect your personal information safe and secure. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us and abiding by the following principles to protect your personal information: the principle of consistency of rights and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of opt-in consent, the principle of minimum necessity, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of subject participation, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise that we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information in accordance with mature security standards in the industry Please carefully read and understand the "Style Control Car Privacy Policy" before using our products or services.
1. What information do we collect about you?
Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person or provide feedback on the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information.
1.1 When you register the StyleControl Car APP, we will collect your mobile phone number as the account login name, and authenticate whether your identity is valid through SMS verification code, and collect the mobile phone number to meet the requirements of the online real-name system of relevant laws and regulations. We will also collect your login password, which is sensitive information, and the login password is collected to authenticate your identity and authenticate when you perform sensitive operations such as changing your password. If you do not provide the above information, you may not be able to use our services normally. You can also upload your avatar, fill in your username, nickname, gender, and birthday according to your own needs, to improve your online identity, if you do not provide the above information, it will not affect your registration and use of other services
provided by us 1.2 When you log in to the style control car APP, you can log in by logging in to your account name (mobile phone number or user name) and password; You can also log in with your mobile phone number and SMS verification code; This information is collected to help you log in and to protect the security of your account.
1.3 When you use the StyleControl Car service, we will collect your unique device identifier, software version number, system version, service provider (Mobile, China Unicom, China Telecom), access network mode, type and status, International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), device application installation list, MAC address, device model, device type, device version, device accelerator, operation log, and service log information, which are used to identify abnormal account status. Understand the adaptability of the product, ensure the safe and stable operation of the services provided to you, improve and optimize our service experience, and protect the security of your account.
1.4 When you need to cancel your account, please enter the style control car APP, enter the "Personal Center", click on the user avatar to enter the "Personal Information" page, at this time you can see the "Account Cancellation" function, click "Account Cancellation" and verify the mobile phone number, and you can cancel the account after passing.
1.4 When you use the car control service, we will collect your unique device identification code, Bluetooth MAC, operation log information, opening and closing of doors, windows, sunroofs, headlights, and locking and unlocking information of the doors. At the same time, you can also verify your identity, you can choose to use a static password or fingerprint verification to complete the verification, you need to complete the information verification on your device, we only receive the verification results, and do not collect your fingerprint information, if you do not want to use fingerprint verification, you can still complete the verification through other means. If you do not agree to the collection of such information, you may not be able to use the car control function normally, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by us.
1.5 When you use location services, we will collect your vehicle location information so that you can view it at any time and navigate directly to the location of your vehicle. Vehicle location information is sensitive information, and if you do not consent to our collection of this information, you may not be able to use the location service normally, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by us.
1.6 In accordance with relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we may collect and use your personal information without your authorization and consent under the following circumstances:
(1) directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense security; directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health, and public knowledge;
(2) directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;
(3) For the purpose of protecting the life, property, reputation and other major legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;
(4) The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by yourself;
(5) Personal information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as lawful news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
(6) It is necessary to conclude and perform a contract at your request;
(7) It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of faults in products or services;
(8) Where it is necessary to carry out legitimate news reporting;
(9) Where it is necessary to carry out statistical or academic research in the public interest, and when it provides the results of academic research or descriptions to the outside world, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified;
(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
1.7 Instructions for obtaining the permission to control the car in style
(1) Read and write storage permissions: When you install the style control car APP, you will apply for this permission to ensure the stable operation of the APP. We promise to read and write only what is necessary.
(2) Camera permission and album permission: When you use functions such as Scan, Avatar Settings, Photo Feedback, etc., you need to enable camera permission or album permission (subject to the specific function you use) so that you can take real-time photos or upload pictures/videos. If you do not enable the corresponding permissions, you will not be able to use specific functions related to real-time shooting or picture/video upload, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by the StyleControl Car APP.
(3) Location information permission: When you successfully log in to the StyleControl Car APP, you can choose to turn on this permission so that you can accept service recommendations based on your location; If you choose not to enable this permission, you will not receive service recommendations based on your location, but it will not affect your use of other services provided by the StyleControl APP.
(4) Read phone status permission: When you log in to the style control car APP, you will apply for this permission, the purpose is to complete risk control and equipment authentication by reading your device identification information, equipment status information and equipment environment information. If you choose not to enable this permission, you will not be able to complete the functions that require device authentication, such as risk control verification and Bluetooth key.
(5) Self-start: When you use the style control car APP, in order to ensure that you can receive the push reminder on time, we need to use the self-start service so that the push reminder can be reminded normally, if you want to turn off the self-start function, it may cause the normal reminder. You can disable the auto-start function in Settings > Application > Auto-Start Management.
1.8 Description of the integration of third-party SDKs with the style control app
(1) Meizu/Xiaomi Push/Vivo Message Push/Tencent Mobile Push (Pigeon): When you use a mobile device, the aforementioned SDK needs to read the IMEI, IMSI, installed application list, MAC address, networking-related information, device serial number, android ID, and IP address of the mobile phone. It is used to push/deliver information to realize real-time notification of product status to users.
(2) chromium: the use of chromium sdk is to realize the style control car APP page loading function, chromium to obtain the permission to have camera permission, album permission, microphone permission.
(3) BingoogolApple and DTR/ZXING: BingoogolApple and DTR/ZXINGSDK are used to realize the code scanning function, and realize the code scanning function to obtain camera permissions and album permissions.
(4) AutoNavi Map/com.loc: The use of AutoNavi Map SDK is to realize the positioning location and location display function, and the permission obtained by AutoNavi Map SDK is the permission to read the phone status, and the information obtained includes location information, system version, mobile phone style information, IMEI, IMSI, list of installed applications, MAC address, networking-related information, device serial number, android ID, IP address information.
(5) Push message push: The purpose of using the push message push SDK is to realize real-time update of vehicle status and abnormal status in real time, so that users can quickly receive information and improve the product experience. obtainThe information obtained includes location information, system version, mobile phone style information, IMEI, IMSI, list of installed applications, device MAC address, networking-related information, device serial number, android ID, IP address information, running process information, and sensor information.
(6) Tencent Bugly: Tencent bugly statistical analysis SDK is used to provide professional exception reporting and operation statistics, help quickly find and solve exceptions, grasp product operation dynamics, and follow up user feedback in a timely manner. The information obtained includes location information, system version, phone style information, IMEI, IMSI, list of installed applications, device MAC address, networking-related information, device serial number, android ID, IP address information, and running process information.
(7) com.quickembed: self-developed basic SDK. Improve program stability, optimize thread usage, and implement application functions with lower system usage. The information obtained includes location information, system version, phone style information, IMEI, IMSI, list of installed applications, device MAC address, networking-related information, device serial number, android ID, IP address information, and running process information.
(8) Umeng: The use of Umeng SDK is to achieve the function of data statistics, and the permission obtained by Umeng SDK is the permission to read the phone status, and the information obtained is iccid, system version, mobile phone style information, IMEI, IMSI, list of installed applications, MAC address, networking-related information, device serial number, android ID, IP address.
You understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed, and if a function or service does not collect your information in the aforesaid description, or if we use your personal information beyond the scope of the purpose and directly or reasonably related to the purpose stated at the time of collection, we will separately explain to you the content of information collection and use through page prompts, interactive processes, agreements, website announcements, etc. scope and purpose to obtain your consent. In addition, the third-party entity may provide services to you through the StyleControl APP. When you enter the service page operated by a third party, please note that the relevant services are provided to you by the third party. If a third-party entity collects personal information from you, it is recommended that you carefully review the privacy policy or agreement of the third-party entity.
2. Use of
CookiesWhen you use the service of the StyleControl Car APP, we may use Cookies to identify you. Cookies are small data files that can help you avoid having to re-enter your registration information, or help you determine the security status of your account, allow us to identify you, and make your visit more enjoyable. We do not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy. Please understand that some of our services can only be made possible through the use of cookies. You can manage and delete cookies as you wish. If you modify your browser settings or clear all cookies stored in the software, it may affect the convenience and security of your use of the service.
3. How we use your personal information
In order to comply with national laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, as well as to provide you with services and reminders of service quality, or to ensure the security of your account, we will use your information in the following circumstances:
(1) To achieve the purposes described in "What information do we collect about you" in this Policy;
(2) Report to relevant departments in accordance with laws, regulations or regulatory requirements;
(3) to invite you to participate in customer research related to our services;
(4) In order to ensure the security of the Services and to help us better understand the operation of our Apps, we may record relevant information, such as how often you use the Apps, crash data, overall usage, performance data, and the source of the Apps. We do not combine the information we store in our analytics software with the personally identifiable information you provide in the app.
(5) If we use your personal information beyond the scope of the purpose and directly or reasonably related to the purpose stated at the time of collection, we will inform you again and obtain your express consent before using your personal information.
4. How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information
4.1 Entrusted processing Some specific modules or services in the
services provided by the StyleControl APP are provided by external vendors. For example, we engage service providers to assist us in providing customer support.
For the companies, organizations and individuals we entrust to process personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them, requiring them to strictly abide by confidentiality obligations, take effective confidentiality measures and security measures to process personal information, and prohibit them from using such information for purposes that are not authorized by you.
4.2 Sharing
We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual other than the Company, except in the following circumstances:
(1) obtaining your explicit consent: With your prior consent, we may share your personal information with third parties;
(2) Certain products or services may be provided by third parties (third-party service providers, contractors, agents, application developers, etc.) or jointly provided by us and third parties, so only by sharing your information can we provide the products or services you need; If we share your information with a third party appealing, we will require the third party to adopt effective confidentiality and security measures to process the personal information.
(3) With your explicit consent in advance, we will share your information with third parties within the scope permitted by laws and regulations and not contrary to public order and good customs.
(4) We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or in accordance with the mandatory requirements of government authorities.
4.3 TransferWe
will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except for the following circumstances:
(1) Transfer with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other places;
(2) In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.
4.4 Public disclosureWe
will only publicly disclose your personal information under the following circumstances:
(1) after obtaining your explicit consent;
(2) Disclosure based on law: We may publicly disclose your personal information under the circumstances of laws, legal procedures, litigation or mandatory requirements of government authorities.
4.5 According to relevant laws, regulations and national standards, we may share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information without your consent in accordance with the law under the following circumstances:
(1) It is directly related to national security and national defense security;
(2) Directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;
(3) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, examination and approval, and enforcement of judgments;
(4) It is necessary to protect the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain your consent;
(5) Personal information that you disclose to the public on your own;
(6) Personal information collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure, etc.
5. How We Protect Your Personal Information
We take the security of personal information seriously, and we strive to safeguard your personal information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, or disclosure. To this end, we have taken the following measures:
(1) We have used security measures that meet industry standards to protect the personal information you provide from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonably practicable steps to protect your personal information. For example, we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data and servers where data is stored, and we will use network security layer software (SSL) to encrypt transmission, encrypt sensitive information, and de-identify data to protect your personal information.
(2) we will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information; In addition, according to business needs and personnel levels, control the number of authorized personnel and achieve hierarchical authority management of authorized personnel; Access to personal data is logged and regularly audited by the administrator.
(3) In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will activate an emergency plan in accordance with the law to prevent the expansion of the security incident, and inform you in the form of push notifications, announcements, etc.: the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, the suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce the risk independently, and the remedial measures for you. At the same time, in accordance with laws, regulations, and the requirements of regulatory authorities, proactively report the handling of personal information security incidents.
6. Your Rights < b186>6.1 Access to your personal informationYou
have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions provided by laws and regulations. If you want to exercise the right to access your data, you can do so in the following ways:
(1) You can enter the StyleControl Car APP, click "Me", and tap the avatar to access the avatar, nickname, gender, and mobile phone number.
(2) You can enter the style control car APP, click 'me', click 'vehicle management', access the vehicle information bound under the account, click on the vehicle, you can see the vehicle nickname, license plate number, car series, these vehicle information.
7. Protection of minors
We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we will not knowingly collect the personal information of minors (under the age of 18). Minors should not provide us with personal information without the consent of their guardians. If we find that we have collected personal information from minors without prior verifiable parental consent, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the processing of personal information previously carried out based on your authorization.
8. Storage
of your personal informationWe will store the personal information collected within the territory of the People's Republic of China within the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations.
