Effective Date: January 1, 2023

FCA US LLC (“FCA US,” “we” or “us”) is committed to privacy and transparency in our information practices. This FCA US Privacy Policy (our “Privacy Policy”) describes how we collect, use, disclose, share, and otherwise process the personal information described in this Privacy Policy, as well as the rights and choices individuals have regarding their personal information.

If you are a California resident, please review our California Privacy Supplement for additional information about our privacy practices and your California privacy rights, including your right to opt out of sales and sharing of personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”).

Your access to and use of our Services (as defined below) is subject to our applicable terms and agreements, including the FCA Website Terms of Use, and, as applicable, our App End User License Agreement, the FCA Connected Service Terms of Service, and the SiriusXM Guardian Terms of Services (collectively, the “Terms”). These Terms are incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy, including their applicable limitations on liability and the resolution of disputes.

1. SCOPE
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to: 

Our websites (each a “Website”), mobile applications (each an “App”), and online services that link to or display this Privacy Policy, and our “Connected Services” (as defined and further described in our Connected Services Privacy Notice), as well as the services that FCA makes available to through each of these (collectively, the “Services”).

Current and former FCA vehicle owners and Connected Services users.

Shoppers and prospective purchasers of FCA vehicles, products, and services and other individuals who receive our marketing and promotional communications.

Participants in contests, promotions, surveys, and other events that we conduct or sponsor.

Individuals that otherwise contact us or interact with us related to our vehicles, the Services, or our business operations.

This Privacy Policy is intended to describe our overall privacy practices with regard to the personal information subject to this Policy. Our actual collection, use, disclosure, and processing of personal information about individuals will vary depending upon the circumstances.

Additional Privacy Notices and Terms.
We may also provide additional privacy notices (“additional notice”) for specific products, programs, events, promotions, services, features, incentives, or other offers that we provide or make available. For example, the FCA Connected Services Privacy Notice applies to and provides more detail about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to the Connected Services. If you participate in a sweepstake, incentive program, or other promotion, additional privacy terms may apply as set forth in the terms for that promotion. If there is a conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy and an additional notice, the terms for the promotion will govern with regard to the personal information collected related to that promotion.

Not Covered by this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the collection, use, or disclosure of personal information by independently owned and operated FCA dealerships and business. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not generally apply to the personal information that we collect about (i) job applicants and candidates, (ii) employees, independent contractors, and other workers, or (iii) owners and personnel of FCA dealers. If you are a California resident, a different privacy notice (and not this Privacy Policy) applies to our use, disclosure, and processing of such personal information about you.

2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect personal information directly from individuals, such as when an individual registers for a Connected Services or MOPAR account, contacts us, or inquires with us about a FCA vehicle. We may also collect personal information from third parties (such as social networks, platform providers, payment processors, data providers, and operators of certain third-party services that we use), as well as automatically collect or derive personal information about your use related to the use of our Websites, Apps, Connected Services, and other Services.

The information we collect varies depending upon the circumstances and the Services you use. In some cases (such as where required by law), we ask for your consent, or give you certain privacy choices as described in this Policy, regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of certain personal information.

Information We Collect Directly. We may collect personal information directly from you, including:

Registration, profile, and subscription information: to access and use certain of our Services (such as a Connected Services or MOPAR® account), you must activate, subscribe to, and/or register for an account by providing us with certain required information, which may include your name, a username, password, email, and other contact information. We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, address, and other contact information; VIN and associated vehicle data; date of purchase; billing information and subscription details and history. We may also ask you or allow you to submit certain additional optional information, which may include your phone number, location, preferences, information about other approved drivers of your vehicle, demographic information, and other profile information.


