TANK APP PRIVACY POLICY

1. Subject and scope

of application of the Privacy Policy 2. Summary

3. Rules for

the collection and use of personal information 4.

How to store personal information

V. Storage, Protection and Cross-Border

Transfer

of Information VI. User Rights

VII. Protection of Information of

Minors VIII. Updates and Revisions

to this Privacy Policy IX. Contact Us

1. The subject and scope of application of

the Privacy Policy

(1) Personal information processor: Great Wall

Motor Co., Ltd. Xushui Wei Brand Branch, and

Great Wall Motor Co., Ltd. (hereinafter

collectively referred to as "Great Wall Motor" or

"we"), address: No. 2266, Chaoyang South

Street, Lianchi District, Baoding City, Hebei

Province.

(2) Contact information of the person in charge

of personal information protection:

4006661990

(3) Scope of application of this policy: This

privacy policy applies to the TANK APP service
provided to you by Great Wall Motor and its

related companies. If a separate privacy policy

is established for some of Great Wall Motor's

products/services, its specific privacy policy

shall apply. It is important for you to note that

this Privacy Policy does not apply to services

provided to you by third parties through Great

Wall Motor's products/services. The collection

and processing of information by third parties

is governed by their own privacy policies, not

to this Privacy Policy. However, we will fully

review the qualifications of the third party and

require them to ensure that the

products/services provided are legal and

compliant, and protect the security of your

personal information.

(4) The types of personal information subjects

to which this Policy applies: natural persons

with full capacity for civil conduct.

(5) This Privacy Policy is updated on September

15, 2022 and will take effect on September 23,

2022.

Summary of the situation

Our products/services involve positioning and

navigation, substitute driving, roadside

assistance, instant messaging, online

communities, vehicle remote control, and

common business functions for online shopping,

and when you use these functions, we will collect

your general personal information (personal

information is information related to identified or

identifiable natural persons recorded

electronically or otherwise by electronic or other

means, excluding anonymized information),

including birthday, address, personal telephone

number, etcAfter obtaining your separate

authorization and consent, we will collect your

sensitive personal information (sensitive personal
information is personal information that, once

leaked or illegally used, is likely to cause

infringement of the personal dignity of natural

persons or endangerment of personal and

property safety, including biometrics, religious

beliefs, specific identities, medical health,

financial accounts, whereabouts and other

information, as well as the personal information

of minors under the age of 14, if the collection

of the above information is involved, we will

collect it after obtaining your separate consent).

Including ID card, fingerprint, IP address,

personal location information, For details of

the rules for the processing of personal

information, please refer to the rules for the

collection and use of personal information and

the attached "List of Personal Information".

In order to provide you with better services, we

will share your personal information with third

parties and our affiliates, and the scope and

purpose of sharing will be provided through the

"List of External Provision of Personal

Information".Show you. Please also be aware

that we will only share your personal information

with your separate authorization and consent or

as permitted by law, and you have the right to

refuse us to share your personal information

externally. Please also be aware that you have

the right to know and decide on the processing

of your personal information, and you have the

right to access, copy, correct, supplement,

delete, withdraw consent and request

explanations.

In order to better protect your legitimate rights

and interests, please pay special attention to

the terms marked by us underlined or bolded.

We have established a convenient complaint and

reporting channel, you have any questions,

dissatisfaction or we do not respond to your

needs in a timely manner during the use of our
products or services, you can contact us through

the "4006661990" complaint hotline, and we will

respond to your needs as soon as possible.

3. Rules for the collection and use of

personal information

When you use our products or services, we will

collect your personal information based on the

minimum scope and necessary purposes, and

when collecting your sensitive personal

information, we will mark it in bold and

underlined, if it is necessary to change the

purpose of information collection and use, we

will obtain your authorization and consent again,

and inform you through a pop-up window, please

note that the specific processing rules are as

follows (for details, please read the attachment

"" List of Personal Information).

Explanation of information collected by thirdparty SDKs

In order to ensure the safe and stable operation

of our products or services or realize related

functions, we may access the software

development kit ("SDK") provided by a third

party, and the third-party SDK may collect your

personal information when you use the functions

provided by the third-party software

development kit in our products or services. The

collection and processing of information by

third-party SDKs is subject to the privacy

policies of the third parties and does not apply

to this Privacy Policy. However, we will fully

review the qualifications of the third party and

require it to ensure that the products/services

provided are legal and compliant, and protect

the security of your personal information.

1. When collecting personal information without

your consent:
You are fully aware that, to the extent permitted

by laws and regulations, we may collect and use

your personal information in accordance with the

law without your consent or authorization under

the following circumstances:

(1) Directly related to national security and

national defense security;

(2) directly related to public safety, public

health, or major public interests;

(3) Directly related to judicial or administrative

law enforcement such as criminal investigation,

prosecution, trial, and judgment enforcement;

(4) For the purpose of protecting the life,

property and other major legitimate rights and

interests of you or other individuals, but it is

difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;

(5) The personal information involved is

disclosed to the public by yourself;

(6) Necessary for the conclusion and

performance of a contract at your request;

(7) Personal information is collected from legally

and publicly disclosed information, such as

lawful news reports, government information

disclosure, and other channels;

(8) Necessary to maintain the safe and stable

operation of the products or services provided,

such as discovering and disposing of failures of

products/services;

(9) in connection with our performance of our

obligations under the law;

(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and

regulations.
2. Other relevant personal information and its

collection and use rules:

(1) Change of vehicle owner information: When

you apply for a change in the owner information

associated with the vehicle through the APP or

customer service, we will collect the name,

mobile phone number, valid ID number, frame

number, model configuration and other

information of the original owner and the new

owner. When you make a request to change the

owner's information, please ensure that you have

obtained the consent of the relevant personal

information subject.

(2) Self-start or associated startup description:

This application supports the desktop widget

function, and the widget function needs to listen

to the receiving system broadcast

(android.appwidget.action.APPWIDGET_UPDATE),

which is the system refresh the desktop widget

broadcast, and the system performs the refresh

or not; If you use the desktop widget function of

this application, this application must use the

self-start ability to wake up the desktop widgetrelated services of this application (including but

not limited to updating widget data) by receiving

system broadcasts.

4. How Personal Information is Stored

1. Sharing

We will not share your personal information with

any third party other than Great Wall Motors,

except in the following circumstances:

(1) Sharing under legal circumstances:

We may share and disclose your personal

information in accordance with laws and

regulations or the requirements of administrative
and judicial authorities in accordance with the

law.

(2) With your explicit consent:

With your explicit consent and authorization, we

may share your personal information with other

third parties. Please read the attached "List of

External Provision of Personal Information" in

detail, including the types and reasons for

sharing, the recipients of personal information,

and the constraints and management

mechanisms for the recipients

2. Public Disclosure

We will not publicly disclose your personal

information except in the following

circumstances:

(1) Information disclosed with your explicit

consent;

(2) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and

regulations.

For disclosure, please read the attached "List of

External Disclosure of Personal Information" for

details.

3. Circumstances where your authorization

and consent are not required when

sharing or publicly disclosing personal

information:

(1) Directly related to national security and

national defense security;

(2) Directly related to public safety, public

health, or major public interests;
(3) Directly related to judicial or administrative

law enforcement such as criminal investigation,

prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement;

(4) For the purpose of protecting the life,

property and other major legal rights and

interests of you or other individuals, but it is

difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;

(5) The personal information involved is

disclosed to the public by yourself;

(6) Necessary for the conclusion and

performance of a contract at your request;

(7) Personal information is collected from legally

and publicly disclosed information, such as

lawful news reports, government information

disclosure, and other channels;

(8) Necessary to maintain the safe and stable

operation of the products or services provided,

such as discovering and disposing of faults in

products or services;

(9) in connection with our performance of our

obligations under the law;

(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and

regulations.

5. Storage, protection and cross-border

transfer of information

1. Information Storage

In accordance with the law, Great Wall Motor will

store your personal information collected and

generated during its operation within the

territory of the People's Republic of China within

the territory of the People's Republic of China.
We will only retain your personal information for

the period necessary to achieve the purposes

described in this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise

provided by laws and regulations or otherwise

authorized by you. After the storage period

expires, we will delete or anonymize your

personal information. For specific information

storage location and storage period, please

read the attached "List of Personal

Information" carefully.

2. Information Protection

We have adopted security measures that meet

the standards required by industry and national

laws to protect your personal information from

unauthorized access, public disclosure,

modification, damage or leakage. We will

strengthen the protection of your personal

information from various aspects such as data

management system design, data protection

technology enhancement, and internal personnel

management. We have adopted a strict data use

and access system, adopted a data classification

and grading system according to the sensitivity

and type of data, only allowed those who need to

know the information to access personal

information, and set up access control and

monitoring mechanisms. At the same time, we

will empower our employees with knowledge of

information security and privacy protection, and

enhance their awareness of protecting personal

information.

We will do our best to protect the security of

your personal information, but please understand

that no security measures can be 100% secure,

and there may be a risk of information security

incidents. At the same time, we will report to the

relevant competent authorities in accordance

with the requirements of laws and regulations,

so as to minimize the impact of information
security incidents on you, and we will bear

corresponding responsibilities for the losses

caused to you within the scope of the law. If you

believe that there is any security risk or

vulnerability to our systems, please contact us as

set out in the "Contact Us" section below.

6. User Rights

We attach great importance to and do our best

to protect your right to access, copy, correct,

supplement, delete and withdraw your consent to

your personal information, so that you have the

full ability to protect your privacy and security.

You can exercise these rights in the following

ways:

1. Right of Access

If you would like to access your personal

information, including but not limited to account

information, order information, vehicle usage

data, and the recipients with whom we share

your personal information, you may access your

personal information in the manner specified

below.

You can access your personal information by

logging into your account in the following

functions:

(1) Check the account order information in "My -

My Orders", including new car orders, mall

orders, maintenance orders, and driving orders;

(2) Check the personal information of the

account in "My - Settings", including the bound

mobile phone number and delivery address;

(3) Consult vehicle usage data in "Tank-Vehicle

Data";
If you are unable to access your personal

information through the above methods, you can

contact us at any time through the methods

listed in the "Contact Us" section below, and we

will complete the identity check and response

processing within seven days.

2. Right of Reproduction

You have the right to copy your personal

information. If you need to make a copy of your

personal information collected by us, you can

contact us through the methods listed in the

"Contact Us" section below, and we will provide

a copy of your personal information upon your

request after the relevant personnel have

conducted the necessary identity checks on you,

subject to the relevant laws and regulations and

technical practicability.

3. Right to Correction and Addition

When you find that the personal information we

process about you is inaccurate or incomplete,

you have the right to correct or supplement the

inaccurate or incomplete information after

verifying your identity and the correction or

supplementation does not affect the objectivity

and accuracy of the information. You may

contact us as set out in the "Contact Us" section

below.

4. Right to erasure

If we collect or share your personal information

with others in violation of laws and regulations

or agreements with you, you have the right to

request us to delete it. If you wish to delete your

other information (including sensitive personal

information), you can contact us as listed in the

"Contact Us" section below, and we will delete it

within 10 days.
After you or we assist you in deleting the

relevant information, due to applicable legal and

security technical limitations, we may not be

able to immediately delete the corresponding

information from the backup system, and we will

only use it for storage purposes and will not use

it for other purposes until the backup is updated

or anonymized the information, and we will not

carry out processing other than storage and

taking necessary security protection measures.

5. Right of withdrawal

You can change the scope of your authorization

for us to collect and process personal

information or withdraw your authorization by

deleting the information or turning off the

function. You may also withdraw all authorization

for us to continue to collect and process your

personal information by canceling your account.

Please understand that each business function

requires some basic personal information to be

completed, and after you withdraw your

consent or authorization, we will not be able to

continue to provide you with the services

corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or

authorization, nor will we process your

corresponding personal information. However,

your decision to withdraw your consent or

authorization will not affect the processing of

personal information previously carried out

based on your authorization.

6. Right of Cancellation

You can cancel your personal account through

the "Me-Settings-Account Cancellation" path or

contact us through the methods listed in the

"Contact Us" section below, submit an account

cancellation application, and cancel the

previously registered account after approval.

Account cancellation may result in the erasure
of all your data and account information and

cannot be recovered, after the account

cancellation, we will stop providing you with

products/services and delete your personal

information according to your requirements,

unless otherwise provided by laws and

regulations.

7. Responses to User Requests

For security purposes, you may be required to

provide a written request or otherwise prove

your identity. We will verify your identity before

processing your request. In addition, you need to

note that the information we collect includes

the personal information of other people who

use our products/services through your

account, and we need your confirmation of

your request to exercise the rights of those

people. Except for the deletion of your personal

information in Article 6.4, we will complete the

identity check and process the response within

seven days. If your request takes a long time to

respond and cannot be responded to within the

specified time, we will contact you in time to

inform you of the time of response and the

reason for the inability to respond. If you are not

satisfied with our response, you may also make a

complaint through the methods listed in the

"Contact Us" section below.

In principle, we do not charge a fee for your

reasonable request, but we will charge a certain

cost fee for repeated requests that exceed

reasonable limits due to repeated requests. We

may reject requests that are unreasonably

repetitive, require excessive technical means

(e.g., develop new systems, fundamentally

change industry practices), pose risks to the

legitimate rights and interests of others, or are

impractical.
We will not be able to respond to your request

if:

(1) Directly related to national security and

national defense security;

(2) directly related to public safety, public

health, or major public interests;

(3) Directly related to judicial or administrative

law enforcement such as criminal investigation,

prosecution, trial, and judgment enforcement;

(4) For the purpose of protecting the life,

property and other major legitimate rights and

interests of you or other individuals, but it is

difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;

(5) The personal information involved is

disclosed to the public by yourself;

(6) Necessary for the conclusion and

performance of a contract at your request;

(7) Personal information is collected from legally

and publicly disclosed information, such as

lawful news reports, government information

disclosure, and other channels;

(8) Necessary to maintain the safe and stable

operation of the products or services provided,

such as discovering and disposing of faults in

products or services;

(9) in connection with our performance of our

obligations under the law;

(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and

regulations.

VII. Protection of Information on Minors
1. We attach great importance to the protection

of minors' personal information. If the relevant

national laws and regulations stipulate that

minors under the age of 18 cannot purchase or

use our products/services, we have the right to

refuse to provide you with relevant products

and/or services on this basis. In addition, you

should obtain the consent of your guardian

before using our other products/services.

2. When collecting minors' personal information

with the consent of their guardians, we will only

use this information when it is permitted by law

or with the explicit consent of their guardians or

when it is necessary to protect minors.

3. If we find that we have collected the personal

information of minors without the prior consent

of the verifiable guardian, we will delete the

relevant data as soon as possible.

4. For the personal information of children under

the age of 14 that may be involved, we will take

the following measures to protect it:

(1) For the collected children's personal

information, in addition to complying with the

provisions of this Privacy Policy on your personal

information, we will also adhere to the principles

of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear

purpose, security guarantee, and lawful use, and

strictly follow the requirements of laws and

regulations such as the Provisions on the

Protection of Children's Personal Information

Network for storage, use, and disclosure, and

will not exceed the period necessary to achieve

the purpose of collection and use, after which

we will delete or anonymize the children's

personal information.

(2) Children or their guardians have the right to

access and correct children's personal

information at any time, and can also submit a
request for correction and deletion to us. If you

have any comments, suggestions, complaints or

reports on matters related to children's personal

information, please contact us. We're here to

help.

8. Updates and Revisions to this Privacy

Policy

1. This Privacy Policy will be updated according

to the purpose of providing you with higher

quality services and the development of our

business, but without your explicit consent, we

will not reduce your rights under the previous

Privacy Policy.

2. If there is a material change to this Privacy

Policy, we will do everything we can to provide

you with a conspicuous notice (including but not

limited to email, text message or special

reminder on the APP/page to explain the

specific changes to this Privacy Policy). Material

changes referred to in this Privacy Policy

include, but are not limited to:

(1) There has been a significant change in our

service model. Such as the purpose of

processing personal information, the types of

personal information processed, and the way in

which personal information is used;

(2) We have undergone significant changes in

our ownership structure, organizational structure,

etc. Such as business adjustment, bankruptcy

mergers and acquisitions, etc.

(3) Changes in the main objects of personal

information sharing, transfer, or public

disclosure;

(4) There are significant changes in your rights

to participate in the processing of personal
information and the way in which they are

exercised;

(5) When there is a change in the department

responsible for handling personal information

security, contact information and complaint

channels;

(6) Changes in data security capabilities and

information security risks;

(7) Other situations where the privacy policy that

has a significant impact on the rights and

interests of users needs to be updated.

9. Contact Us

1. If you have any questions, comments or

suggestions about this Privacy Policy, you can

contact us in the following ways:

Email: tankapp@gwm.cn

Hotline: 4006661990

2. If we do not respond to your request within

the prescribed time, you can contact us through

the following ways:

Email: tankapp@gwm.cn

Hotline: 4006661990

Great Wall Motor Co., Ltd., registered address:

No. 2266, Chaoyang South Street, Baoding City,

Hebei Province, Zip code: 071000

3. In general, we will complete the identity check

and process the response within seven days. If

you are not satisfied with our reply, especially if

you believe that our personal information

processing has harmed your legitimate rights

and interests, you may also file a complaint or

report to the regulatory authorities such as

cyberspace, telecommunications, public security,

and industry and commerce.

4. The interpretation and dispute resolution of

this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws

of the People's Republic of China. Any dispute
related to this Privacy Policy shall be settled

through friendly negotiation between the two

parties; If the dispute cannot be resolved

through negotiation or cannot be reached

through negotiation, you agree to submit the

dispute to the people's court with jurisdiction for

litigation resolution.
