ntroduction
Anhui Shenxiang Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address: No. F13, Tangkou Road and Tangjiahui Road, Economic Development Zone, Feixi County, Hefei City, Anhui Province) and its affiliates, please check the "List of Affiliated Companies" here (hereinafter referred to as "DeepWay", "we", "us" or "our") attaches great importance to and is committed to protecting users' personal information and privacy security. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain to you how we collect, use, store, share and protect your personal information, and how you can exercise your rights.

We provide you with DeepWay products/services through the official website of DeepWay, DeepWay App, and other clients or scenarios that we are or may use in the future, and we may process your personal information as a result. This Privacy Policy is closely related to your use of our products/services, and our collection and processing of personal information will vary depending on the specific product/service scenario, please refer to the specific scenario in which you use the product/service, we hope that you must carefully read and confirm that you have fully understood the content of this Privacy Policy before using our products/services, so that you can make the choices you think are appropriate according to the guidance of this Privacy Policy.

We will collect and use your information when you use the corresponding products/services in accordance with this Privacy Policy, but will not collect personal information in a mandatory bundled manner just because you agree to this Privacy Policy, which is subject to the actual situation of the products/services you actually use. If a product has a separate privacy policy, that separate privacy policy will take precedence. We strive to use concise and easy-to-understand words, and we use bold words to prominently mark the terms that have a significant relationship with your rights and interests and the sensitive personal information involved to remind you to pay attention, please pay attention to read carefully.

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us through the contact information provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:

1. How we collect and use your personal information

II. How We Provide, Transfer and Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information

III. How We Store Your Personal Information

4. How you can manage your personal information

5. How we protect your personal information

VI. Protection of Personal Information of Minors

7. Updates to the Privacy Policy

8. Contact us

Appendix I: List of Affiliates

Appendix 2: DeepWay Auto Privacy Policy

Appendix 3: DeepWay App system permission usage

Appendix 4: List of third-party SDKs of DeepWay App

1. How we collect and use your personal information
We will follow the principles of legality, legitimacy and necessity, and collect and use your personal information voluntarily provided by you or generated by the use of the products/services, as well as obtained from third parties authorized by you, based on the following purposes described in this Privacy Policy, so as to meet your enjoyment of our products/services, communicate with you, and improve or optimize our products/services.

With the development of our business, the products/services we provide may be adjusted and changed, if we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, or use the information collected for specific purposes for other purposes, unless there is another lawful basis or legitimate reason for processing your personal information, we will inform you in a reasonable way and obtain your consent again before using it.

(1) Scenarios in which DeepWay collects personal information from automotive products/services
1. Account Registration and Login
When you register or log in to your DeepWay App account, we will collect your mobile phone number to verify your identity and use it to create your DeepWay account. If you don't want to register, you can choose the guest browsing mode to view part of the content of the DeepWay App, and you don't need to provide the above information in the browsing mode.

2. Account and Security Management
In order to provide you with better services, you can voluntarily choose to set your avatar, nickname, and login password through the account management function after account registration. If you do not provide such information, it will not affect your normal use of the basic functions of DeepWay App. DeepWay account can be used to log in to the on-board application platform of all vehicles under this account, so as to meet your needs for using the on-board application platform. You can also set your security password through the security management function, which is used to verify your identity before remotely controlling the vehicle, while avoiding misuse to ensure that the user is in control of the vehicle.

3. Vehicle usage and remote vehicle management
In the process of using the vehicle, in order to achieve the purpose of driving your vehicle and using the relevant products/services on the vehicle, we will collect and use your vehicle information, information about the vehicle application platform, audio information of Xiao D interaction, information about the car SIM card, camera image data inside and outside the vehicle, charging and replacement and maintenance information, and this information will also be used to ensure the safe and continuous operation of the vehicle, identify and solve potential problems, investigate accidents, and fulfill legal obligations. Regarding the processing of personal information by DeepWay DeepWay, we will explain it in detail through the privacy policy of your vehicle's on-board screen, and please read and agree to the "DeepWay DeepWay Privacy Policy" before using the vehicle.

If you are a car owner, you can remotely manage your vehicle on your personal mobile phone through the DeepWay App (including viewing real-time vehicle data, setting vehicle information functions, remotely controlling vehicle-related status, sharing vehicles, etc.). At the same time, you can set the vehicle nickname and upload the license plate number as needed, if you do not provide the above information, it will not affect you to check the relevant status of the vehicle.

When you use remote vehicle management, we need to record your vehicle status information, including the information of the opening/closing or locking/unlocking status of door locks, windows, air conditioners, headlights or horns, vehicle historical driving data, vehicle location information, vehicle running time, vehicle power consumption, license plate number, vehicle nickname, and vehicle VIN are processed and synchronized to the DeepWay App for display.

4. Operational Safety and Security
In order to ensure the stability and security of the vehicle, related products/services and your account, and improve the quality and efficiency of operations, we will obtain your information during your use of our products/servicesVehicle information, device information (device model, device ID (IMEI, MAC address, Android ID, IDFA, GUID, IMSI, IP, ICCID, hardware serial number, device serial number), device manufacturer, screen width and height, screen resolution, software version information, operating system and version, running process), service logs (search, click, browsing information and time, IP address, mobile network information), operation logs, operation status, The list of installed applications, device sensors, and other information that we have your authorization or consent or can share in accordance with the law may be used for identity verification, judging account security, conducting security precautions and detection, preventing or prohibiting illegal activities, identifying product problems, optimizing product experience, and other applications permitted by laws and regulations. At the same time, in order to prevent malicious programs and ensure the quality and efficiency of operations, we will collect data stored in the running process or device of the software.

5. Push Messages
In order to make you better understand the condition of the vehicle, we will use your account nickname, vehicle nickname, and mobile phone number to send you notification information about vehicle sharing and sharing from time to time according to the car use scenario.

6. Analyze and improve business operations
For the information we have collected (vehicle information, equipment information, log information, and activity information when you use our products/services), we may conduct research, processing, training, statistics, and analysis after anonymization or de-identification through technical means, so as to form information and reports that do not contain your personal identity, and use it for normal business purposes such as corporate audits, or to improve and optimize our products/services, conduct new product research and development, or provide business decision-making references. For the purpose of research and development, user group analysis, and product/service improvement, we may provide or disclose the above-mentioned statistical information and reports that do not contain your personally identifiable information.

（二）我们如何使用Cookie 和同类技术
Cookies and similar device identification technologies are commonly used on the Internet. When you use our products/services, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers ("cookies") to your device to collect, identify, and store information when you access and use our products/services. We use cookies primarily to ensure the safe and efficient operation of our products and services, to help you have an easier experience, to improve our products and services, and to simplify the steps and processes for you to fill out forms. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy.

You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser's settings to decline cookies if you prefer. In addition, you can erase all cookies stored in the software, but you may not be able to use the functions or services that rely on cookies.

(3) The system permissions invoked by DeepWay App
In order to improve the service experience or achieve extended functions, our products/services may need to use your system permissions (such as camera or album permissions, Bluetooth, location, storage permissions), which will only be enabled with your express authorization, and your personal information will only be collected when required by the relevant functions or services. If you turn off the relevant permissions, we may not be able to provide you with the functions corresponding to these authorizations. You can manage the relevant permissions in the system according to your actual needs. For the permission usage of DeepWay App, please refer to the "Permission Usage of DeepWay App System" here.

Please note that if you turn on any of these permissions, you authorize us to collect and use relevant personal information to provide you with corresponding services, and once you close any of these permissions, it means that you have cancelled your authorization, and we will no longer continue to collect and use relevant personal information based on the corresponding permissions, nor can we continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the permissions. Your decision to turn off the permission will not affect the previous collection and use of personal information based on your authorization.

(4) Other rules for the collection and use of personal information
Please be fully aware that, in accordance with laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to collect and use your personal information when there are the following lawful reasons:

1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party;

2) Where it is necessary to perform statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, national defense security, public safety, and judicial investigation, prosecution, adjudication, and enforcement of judgments;

3) Where it is necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in an emergency;

4) Carrying out news reporting, public opinion supervision, and other acts for the public interest, and processing personal information within a reasonable scope;

5) In accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, handle personal information disclosed by individuals themselves or other personal information that has been lawfully disclosed within a reasonable scope;

6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.

II. How We Provide, Transfer and Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information
(1) Provision to the outside world
We treat your personal information with a high level of care. Unless we have your authorization and consent, or comply with other legal bases of relevant laws and regulations, we will not provide your personal information to any company, organization or individual outside DeepWay.

We treat your personal information with a high level of care. Unless we have your authorization and consent, or other legal bases in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we will not provide your personal information to any company, organization or individual other than DeepWay.

Some of the products/services we provide require the participation of third parties to complete, so we may provide some or all of your personal information to our affiliates and third-party service providers or partners to protect and optimize the products/services we provide to you. We will strictly restrict and manage the provision of personal information to the outside world in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations. For the scenario of entrusting the processing of your personal information, we will sign a relevant processing agreement with the entrusted party in accordance with the law, requiring it to process your personal information in accordance with our requirements and this Privacy Policy, and to supervise its personal information processing activities. For the external sharing of your personal information, we will share your personal information externally based on the principles of legality, legitimacy and necessity based on the circumstances set out in the following circumstances in this Privacy Policy. Specifically, the recipients of your personal information that we provide to the outside world include third parties who provide vehicle purchase/delivery support services, third parties who provide vehicle owner services, suppliers who provide technical services and research and development, and third parties who provide logistics and distribution services in the mall.

1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance.

Third-party service providers or partners of DeepWay: such as third parties that realize the functions of DeepWay App and DeepWay vehicles. If we share personal information with third parties, to the extent necessary to achieve the purpose of cooperation, we will enter into corresponding personal information protection agreements or terms with them, requiring them to process and protect your personal information in accordance with the agreement reached between the two parties and this Privacy Policy, and we will require them not to use this information for any other purpose through the agreement, and require them to take adequate security measures to process the information we share.

3) Provided in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, administrative or judicial requirements. For example: (1) providing your information in accordance with laws and regulations, legal procedures, or requests from competent administrative and judicial authorities; (2) In accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, we will carry out necessary vehicle data monitoring and connect it to the government collection/monitoring platform for new energy vehicle data and the data collection/monitoring platform of DeepWay and its affiliates.

4) To handle your disputes or controversies with others at your request.

5) Protection of rights. To the extent required or permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to protect the interests, property or safety of us, our affiliates or partners, you or other users, and the public from damage.

6) Research new projects and services. In order to provide you with better services, DeepWay may explore and promote potential business cooperation projects with third-party partners, and may share some of your personal information with potential business partners through appropriate processing such as de-identification and anonymization.

（二）第三方SDK
In order to ensure the safe and stable operation of our products/services or realize related functions, some of our products/services include third-party software development kits ("SDKs"), and such third-party SDKs may collect and process your personal information when you use the products/services supported by such SDKs. We will conduct security testing and evaluation of third-party SDKs, and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations, and regulatory requirements to protect data security. In order to protect the security of your information to the greatest extent, we strongly recommend that you review the privacy terms of any third-party SDK before using any third-party SDK services, and the third-party will independently assume relevant obligations and responsibilities for your personal information in accordance with its privacy terms and personal information protection policies. If you find that these SDKs are at risk, we recommend that you immediately terminate the relevant operations and contact us in a timely manner. For the processing of personal information by embedding third-party SDKs in DeepWay App, please refer to the "List of Third-Party SDKs of DeepWay App" here.

(3) Assignment
We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual unless we have your explicit consent. When we are involved in a merger, acquisition, division, dissolution, asset transfer and other transactions, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will inform you of the name and contact information of the recipient before transferring your personal information, and require the company, organization or individual receiving your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise, we will require the company, organization or individual to seek your authorization and consent again.

(4) Public disclosure
We will comply with relevant laws and regulations and keep your personal information confidential. We will not voluntarily disclose your personal information that you have not disclosed on your own, unless we comply with laws and regulations or obtain your separate consent.

(5) Exceptions to obtaining consent when sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing information
Please be fully aware that, in accordance with laws and regulations, we do not need to obtain your prior authorization and consent to share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information when there are the following lawful reasons:

1) Necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which you are a party;

2) Where it is necessary to perform statutory duties or obligations, such as those directly related to national security, national defense security, public safety, and judicial investigation, prosecution, adjudication, and enforcement of judgments;

3) Where it is necessary to respond to a public health emergency, or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in an emergency;

4) Carrying out news reporting, public opinion supervision, and other acts for the public interest, and processing personal information within a reasonable scope;

5) In accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, handle personal information disclosed by individuals themselves or other personal information that has been lawfully disclosed within a reasonable scope;

6) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.

III. How We Store Your Personal Information
In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will store your personal information collected and generated in the course of domestic operations in China, located in a data center in Beijing controlled by us. We will not transfer your personal information overseas, and if we do so, we will strictly comply with the relevant laws, regulations and policies or separately seek your authorization and consent.

We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or otherwise authorized and consented by the Personal Data Subject. Depending on the product/service you use, the period for which your personal information will be stored may vary. We determine the storage period of personal information mainly based on the following criteria:

1) To fulfill the purpose of products and services related to you, maintain corresponding products and business records, and respond to possible inquiries or complaints;

2) to ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;

3) whether you agree to a longer retention period;

4) According to the relevant requirements of the statute of limitations;

5) Whether there are other special agreements or laws and regulations on the storage period. After the storage period expires, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.

4. How you can manage your personal information
We attach great importance to the management of your personal information, and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, we will take appropriate technical means to ensure that you exercise the following rights in relation to your personal information. When you exercise your rights, we may ask you to provide proof of identity to ensure that we protect the confidentiality and security of customer information. We will respond to comments or results within fifteen (15) days of receiving your request and verifying your identity. If you request deletion of your sensitive personal information, we will respond to the comments or results within ten (10) business days.

(1) Accessing, copying, correcting, supplementing, and deleting your personal information
If you want to access or copy your personal information, including but not limited to DeepWay account information, order information, vehicle usage data and other information, you can make a request to us through the contact information in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy, or for the personal information collected through DeepWay App, you can log in to your DeepWay App account and operate in the following functions. If you request the transfer of your personal information to the personal information processor you designate, we will provide a way for the transfer if it complies with relevant national regulations and is technically feasible. With certain exceptions, we may refuse your request to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations.

1) Access and manage personal information, including avatar, nickname, login password, and account cancellation, in "My → Settings →Account Management";

2) Access and manage the security password of the vehicle under your personal control in "My → Settings → Security Management";

3) Access and manage the permissions of DeepWay App to use your mobile phone in "My → Settings →Permission Management", including network, location, photos, camera, notifications, storage, and Bluetooth;

4) Access your vehicle information list in "My → My Vehicles", and support operations such as modifying the name of the vehicle and entering the license plate number.

When you find that the personal information we process about you is incorrect or incomplete, you have the right to correct or supplement the incorrect or incomplete information, provided that your identity is verified and the correctness or supplement does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information. You can make a request for correction or supplement to us through the contact information in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy, or for the personal information collected through the DeepWay App, you can correct or supplement your relevant personal information by logging in to the DeepWay App account in the following functions:

1) Correct or supplement personal information: Correct or supplement your profile picture, nickname, and password in "My → Settings →Account Management".

2) Correct or supplement your security password for the service: Correct or supplement your security password in "My → Settings → Security Management".

3) Correct or supplement permission management: Correct or supplement whether to allow DeepWay App to use your mobile phone permissions in "My → Settings → Permission Management", including network, location, photos, camera, notifications, storage, and Bluetooth.

4) Correct or supplement vehicle information: Correct or supplement your vehicle nickname and license plate number in "My → My Vehicle".

Under the following circumstances, you may request us to delete your personal information through the contact information in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy, unless personal information has been anonymized or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, and your identity shall be verified when deleting and you shall be asked to clarify the specific type of personal information that needs to be deleted, and we will decide whether to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of national laws, regulations and supervision:

1) If the purpose of processing your personal information has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of processing;

2) If we stop providing relevant products or services, or the retention period of personal information has expired (such as you no longer use our products or services, or you have cancelled your account);

3) if you withdraw your consent;

4) If our processing of personal information violates laws, administrative regulations or agreements with you;

5) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.

When your personal information is deleted from our services, we may not immediately delete the corresponding information in the backup system, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated.

(2) Manage the scope of your authorization
Each offer feature requires some basic personal information to complete. You may give or withdraw your authorization and consent at any time for the personal information collected and used separately with your authorization and consent. You can contact us in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy to withdraw your device, or view or modify the authorization scope of your device function in DeepWay App through "My → Settings → Permission Management" (the entries that can be displayed on this page on different clients may be different due to different devices).

Please understand that since each function and service requires the necessary personal information corresponding to each of them, after you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will not be able to continue to provide you with the product/service functions corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or change the scope of authorization, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the processing of personal information previously carried out based on your consent or authorization.

（三）注销您的DeepWay深向账号
You can cancel your previously registered DeepWay account through the contact information in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy, or through the "My → Settings→Account Management→Cancel Account" of the DeepWay App, and we will decide whether to respond to your request in accordance with national laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. After you cancel your account, we will stop providing you with our products/services. Unless otherwise required by law, account cancellation may result in the erasure of all of your user data and account information and cannot be recovered.

After you cancel your account, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it in accordance with the requirements of applicable laws and your specific request.

(4) Respond to your requests
In principle, we do not charge a fee for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain cost fee for repeated requests that exceed reasonable limits due to repeated requests. We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (e.g., need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), pose a risk to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (e.g., involving information stored on backup tapes).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not be able to respond to your request in the following circumstances:

1) Necessary for entering into and performing a contract with you;

2) Necessary for us to fulfill our responsibilities or obligations under laws and regulations;

3) Directly related to national security and national defense security;

4) Directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;

5) Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and enforcement of judgments;

6) Necessary to protect your life, health and property safety or others in an emergency;

7) Carrying out news reporting, public opinion supervision, and other acts for the public interest, and processing personal information within a reasonable scope;

8) There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;

9) In accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, handle personal information disclosed by individuals themselves or other personal information that has been lawfully disclosed within a reasonable scope;

10) Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;

11) Trade secrets may be involved;

12) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

5. How we protect your personal information
(1) Data protection measures
We attach great importance to the security of your personal information, and we have taken reasonable and feasible security precautions that comply with industry standards to protect your information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of personal information. For example, we improve the security of personal information when data is exchanged between browsers and servers using encryption technology (TLS protocol). We provide the HTTPS protocol as a secure browsing method to ensure that data is encrypted and protected during transmission, making it difficult to be stolen or tampered with, providing users with a higher level of security and privacy protection.

We will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on personal information; We put in place access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information. We will hold information security and privacy protection training courses to enhance employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.

(2) Security certification
Our important business systems have passed the filing and evaluation of the National Information Security Classified Protection (Level 3) to ensure that your data is optimally protected. At the same time, we have established a good communication and coordination mechanism with regulatory authorities and third-party evaluation agencies to resist and deal with various information security threats in a timely manner, providing all-round protection for your information security.

(3) Security incident response
In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will immediately set up a special emergency response team, activate an emergency response plan to prevent the expansion of the security incident, and promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by letter, telephone, text message, push notification, etc., and if it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to make an announcement. At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.

(4) Special reminders
The Internet is not a completely secure environment, and we strongly recommend that you use a secure method and use a complex password to help us keep your account secure. If you find that your personal information has been leaked, especially your account or password, please contact us immediately according to the contact information provided in this Privacy Policy so that we can take corresponding measures.

We also ask for your understanding that due to technical limitations and possible malicious means, it is not always possible to guarantee 100% security of information in the Internet environment, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures, and we will do our best to ensure the security of the personal information you provide to us.

VI. Protection of Personal Information of Minors
We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. Our products, websites, and services are primarily intended for adults. We do not actively collect personal information from minors directly. If we discover that we have collected the personal information of minors without the prior consent of a verifiable guardian, we will try to delete the relevant information as soon as possible. If you find that we have inadvertently collected the personal information of minors, please notify us through the contact details below, and we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.

7. Updates to the Privacy Policy
In order to provide you with better services, this Privacy Policy will be updated in a timely manner with the development of our business. We will not derogate from your rights under this Privacy Policy without your express consent. We will issue an updated version and remind you of the update of the relevant content through an announcement or other appropriate means before it takes effect, and please log in to the official website and App of DeepWay in time to understand the latest privacy policy. If there are significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will also provide more obvious notices, such as the use of pop-ups, text messages, etc. when you log in to the DeepWay App. Significant changes to this Privacy Policy include, but are not limited to:

1) There are major changes in our service model, such as the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, the way in which personal information is used, etc.;

2) We have major changes in our ownership structure and organizational structure, such as business adjustments, changes in owners caused by bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc.;

3) Changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure;

4) There are significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and the way in which they are exercised;

5) Changes in the departments responsible for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channels;

6) When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.

8. Contact us
We have set up a dedicated personal information and data security management team with dedicated responsible personnel. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or have any complaints or comments about the processing of your personal information, please contact us through the following channels.

Contact email: privacy@deepway.ai
Service hotline: 400-1851177
Mailing address: 4th Floor, Building C3, Intelligent Equipment Science and Technology Park, No. 3963, Susong Road, Economic and Technological Development Zone, Hefei City, Anhui Province
In general, we will complete the identity check and process the response within fifteen (15) days. If you request deletion of your sensitive personal information, we will respond to the comments or results within ten (10) business days.
