Beijing Che Lixing Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Beijing Rockwells Technology Co., Ltd. ("Li Auto", "we", "us" or "our") are well aware of the importance of personal information to users (or "you"), and also attach great importance to users' privacy and personal information protection. Accordingly, we have formulated the Li Auto User Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") in accordance with the provisions of relevant laws and regulations.

Before using our products and/or services, you must carefully read and confirm that you have fully understood the content of this Privacy Policy and make the choices you deem appropriate. We strive to use easy-to-understand language, and mark the terms of this Privacy Policy that have a material relationship with your rights and interests and the sensitive personal information involved in bold to remind your attention. Some functional services need to be based on the sensitive personal information you voluntarily provide, and after obtaining your separate consent, we will process your sensitive personal information in accordance with the purposes and methods described in this Privacy Policy and/or the relevant functional services page. Please be aware that once sensitive personal information is leaked or illegally used, it may lead to serious harm to your personal and property safety. You have the right to refuse to provide us with sensitive personal information, but objecting to our collection and use of such information may affect your use of relevant functions and services.

We may process your personal information through the official website of Li Auto, the Li Auto App, the Li Auto Mini Program (co-ordinating the "Li Auto Client") and Li Auto's offline stores, as well as other clients or scenarios that we are or may use in the future to provide you with Li Auto's services ("Our Products and/or Services"). We would like to remind you that this Privacy Policy is a general privacy protection clause uniformly applicable to Li Auto, and the user rights agreed in this Privacy Policy and the relevant information security protection measures provided by us are applicable to all our products and/or services; If a product and/or service has a separate privacy policy, that separate privacy policy will take precedence.

Please rest assured that your agreement to this Privacy Policy does not mean that all personal information listed in this Privacy Policy will be collected and used at one time, and we will only collect and use the necessary personal information when you use specific functions and services. Before you use the corresponding specific functions and services, we will not collect and use the corresponding necessary personal information. At the same time, when it comes to invoking the relevant permissions of personal information, we will also obtain your consent through the system pop-up window. If you do not agree to enable permissions, the normal use of other non-related functions and services will not be affected.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or related matters, you can contact us at any time by sending an email to privacy@lixiang.com. Thank you for your understanding and support.

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:

1. How we collect and use your personal information

2. How we use cookies and similar technologies

III. How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information

IV. How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information

5. How do you manage your personal information?

6. How we process the information of minors

7. Review, update and revision of this Privacy Policy

8. How to contact us

Supplementary Provisions: Definitions

1. How we collect and use your personal information

(1) Scenarios in which our products and/or services collect personal information

We will follow the principles of legitimacy, legality and necessity, and collect and use your personal information that you voluntarily provide during your use of our products and/or services, or we directly collect your personal information generated by you as a result of your use of our products and/or services, as well as provided to us by third-party partners (such as third-party network platforms and analysis service providers) for the following purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this Privacy Policy, or use the information collected for a specific purpose for other purposes, we will inform you in a reasonable manner and obtain your consent again. In order to provide you with the expanded business functions of our products and/or services, you may choose to authorize us to collect and use your information. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the relevant extended business functions normally or achieve the functional effects we intend to achieve, but it will not affect your normal use of the basic business functions of our products and/or services. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, you may choose to enter browsing mode, where we will not collect your personal information. When you use our products and/or services, we need/may need to collect and use your personal information, including the following scenarios:

1. User registration and login

When you register or log in to the Li Auto client account, you need to provide us with your mobile phone number as information to identify you, and we will verify whether your identity is valid by sending an SMS verification code. When you log in to the Li Auto Mini Program, based on your consent, the Mini Program platform will share your mobile phone number with us so that you can use the quick login service. If you do not want to register and log in, you can choose to enter the browsing mode, in which you do not need to provide the above information. If your mobile phone number is changed or cancelled, please log in to the Li Auto App in time and change your mobile phone number through "My - Settings - Personal Center - Account Security".

2. Personal Data

In order to display your information, you can fill in/modify/supplement your personal information in the Li Auto App, including your profile picture, nickname, gender, birthday, region and profile, which is subject to the page display. You can decide whether to fill in the above information independently, and if you do not fill in the above information, it will not affect your normal use of our products and/or services.

3. Third-party login and one-click login

When you use the "third-party login" function, you can use the account of the third-party platform to log in and use our products and/or services, and you will authorize us to obtain your information (avatar and nickname) on the third-party platform, which will be used to bind your Li Auto account so that you can directly log in and use our products and/or services. The specific authorization information is subject to the prompts on the login page.

When you use the "one-click login" function, based on your consent, the third-party service operator will share your mobile phone number with us so that you can use the one-click login service.

4. Test rides, test drives and other appointment services

Our products and/or services include the ability to book test rides, test drives, car tours, car purchase consultations, event registration, and other related reservation services.

You can use the reservation service of test drive, car viewing, car purchase consultation, event registration and other related reservation services through the Li Auto client, the capital retention page of the third-party network platform we have partnered with, or through our authorized partners. When you make an appointment for relevant services and on-site experience, we need to collect the name, mobile phone number, verification code, reservation location, vehicle type, and nickname of the person making the reservation (subject to the information you actually authorized to collect on the reservation page and the experience site) for information reservation, confirmation and on-site activities. In order to recommend the nearest location for your experience, we will ask for your permission to use your location information. Based on the above information provided by you, we will arrange for our staff to contact you to provide you with services. When you make an appointment for another person, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the personal information subject. You can also choose to manually enter your location or go directly to the offline store for the service experience.

Before you take a test drive at the store, you need to provide the name, mobile phone number, and ID card information of the test driver to sign the test drive agreement. In order to verify the identity information of the test driver and the driving qualifications of the test driver, we will ask you to provide the test driver's motor vehicle driver's license and the test driver's ID card and verify the information.

5. Real-name authentication

Before you use the pre-purchase function, set the security code for mall points payment and the security code for remote control of the vehicle, you need to provide your name, certificate type, and valid certificate number (valid documents in this article refer to valid documents such as identity documents or passports, military ID, Hong Kong and Macao resident residence permits, Taiwan resident residence permits, etc.) for real-name registration。

6. Book to buy a car

When you use the pre-purchase business function, you need to voluntarily provide or obtain your consent and confirm that we will read your personal information, including the name of the licensee, valid ID number (used to verify the identity of the car purchaser and sign the car purchase agreement), the type of car purchase, the car purchase plan, the city where the license is registered, the delivery center information, and the order information, the inviter's mobile phone number (if any). If you purchase a car for another person, you need to ensure that you have obtained the consent of the personal information subject for providing the corresponding information. After placing an order, you can choose the payment services provided by third-party payment institutions (including WeChat, Alipay, UnionPay, etc., subject to the payment methods displayed on the page), and we need to share your order number and transaction amount information with these payment institutions so that they can confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment.

When your vehicle is delivered, we need to check the original valid ID of the car buyer as proof of the identity of the car buyer.

7. Li Auto App remote vehicle control

If you bind your vehicle to the Li Auto App and use the Li Auto App to remotely control the car, when you activate the vehicle, you need to provide us with your Li Auto App account avatar, nickname, vehicle SN code and vehicle VIN code to activate the car and bind the account to the vehicle. In addition, you will need to confirm your name and ID number before setting up a security code so that you can confirm your identity. You can also choose to authenticate by using the system's fingerprint ID or face ID feature. We do not directly collect fingerprint ID and facial ID, but only obtain verification results provided by the hardware service provider based on your separate authorization.

You can check the relevant status of your vehicle in the Li Auto App, including the lock, window, tailgate, air conditioner, and battery information obtained by the car terminal. For more information about our processing of personal information on the vehicle-machine side, please refer to the "Li Auto Telematics Service Privacy Policy" (the access path of the vehicle-machine side is: Settings - General - About - Privacy Policy).

8. Customer service and after-sales functions

When you communicate with our customer service staff, we will use your account information to verify your identity in order to ensure the security of your account. At the same time, we may provide you with a dedicated service expert and a maintenance expert based on your service needs to communicate with you. When you need us to provide customer service and after-sales functions related to your order information, we will inquire about your order information. When you communicate with our customer service staff, if you use the function of sending messages and sending pictures, we will ask you to authorize the microphone, camera, and album permissions according to the system version of your mobile phone. Based on your different customer service needs, you may also need to provide other information in addition to the above information so that we can solve the problem for you, which is subject to the actual communication scenario. We will keep a record of your communication with our customer service staff, and record your call information in the form of call recording and manual entry, so that we can solve problems, give you feedback on the results or handle disputes. When you use the functions of uploading pictures and publishing audio and video, we will ask you to authorize the camera, album, and microphone permissions according to the system version of your mobile phone.

After the vehicle is delivered, in order to fulfill legal obligations, ensure the continuous operation of the vehicle, conduct safety analysis, identify and solve potential problems, and investigate accidents, we need to collect and process vehicle data related to the use, operation and condition of the vehicle through the supporting on-board sensing equipment of the automotive product, including vehicle VIN code, vehicle driving status data, body basic data, electrical equipment working status data, and auxiliary driving working status data. For more information about our processing of personal information on the vehicle-machine side, please refer to the "Li Auto Telematics Service Privacy Policy" (the access path of the vehicle-machine side is: Settings - General - About - Privacy Policy).

9. User community

In order to facilitate your sharing of user experience, we provide you with user community communication and content sharing services. When you use these services, we will record your nickname, followers, likes, comments, followers, and your posting, favorites, and use of community forums, and you can upload avatars, share photos, audio and video information, and when you use the functions of uploading pictures and publishing audio and video, we will ask you to authorize the camera, album and microphone permissions according to the system version of your mobile phone. If you refuse to provide such authorization, you will not be able to use this corresponding service, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Li Auto. If you have enabled location permissions, you can locate location dynamics and display intra-city dynamics and activities when you publish information; If you opt out of our use of your location, you won't be able to choose location targeting when you post your information, but you can manually enter your location or not post your location activity. You can share information about yourself with your friends, family and other users through our services, including publicly sharing text and photos in the Li Auto forum. Please note that the content you share may contain your personal information, so please consider disclosing your personal information carefully. When you use our products and/or services, you may provide or publish information related to you or other users (including videos, articles, updates, comments or pictures posted by you or other users), please carefully consider publishing and disseminating content containing personal information through the ideal user community. When you provide or publish information about other users to us, please ensure that you have obtained legal authorization. In addition, if you believe that the content posted by other users infringes your legitimate rights and interests, you can contact us in a timely manner through the methods provided in this Privacy Policy.

10. Car owner service function

When you install a home charging pile, you need to provide your name, mobile phone number, charging pile receipt and survey installation address, and fault information, so that we can mail, survey, install and repair the home charging pile to you.

When you make an appointment and carry out vehicle maintenance, our customer service and after-sales functions will use your account information or ask you to provide other information for identity verification, and will collect information about you and the person who sent it for repair, including name, mobile phone number, valid ID number of the person who sent it for repair (collected according to local regulations, and some cities require the person who sent the motor vehicle to repair to real-name registration), contact address, and location information(for recommendations to nearby stores, we will use location information based on your separate authorization, or you may choose to enter it manually), as well as repair information, including license plate number, vehicle VIN code, date of delivery, mileage of delivery, billing date, description of the fault, billing list number, fuel type, and possibly remote viewing of your vehicle failure. When you use your voice and picture to note the repair information, we will ask you to authorize the microphone, camera, and album permissions according to the system version of your mobile phone. The purpose of obtaining user information and user vehicle information is to analyze and solve fault problems, repair vehicles for users, accurately save vehicle maintenance records, and contact users in a timely manner during the maintenance process, as well as communicate with users.

When you use the pick-up and delivery service, you need to provide your license plate number, name, mobile phone number, pick-up and delivery address, and pick-up and drop-off time so that we can provide you with pick-up and delivery services. After placing an order, you can choose the payment services provided by third-party payment institutions (including WeChat and Alipay, which are subject to the payment methods displayed on the interface), and we need to share your order number and transaction amount information with these payment institutions so that they can confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. At the same time, we will issue you with corresponding invoices based on the above information.

When you charge your vehicle, we will collect your vehicle VIN code, battery usage status, charging pile and charging rate, charging status, fault information, and charging record information so that we can complete the vehicle charging service for you. When you use Li Auto's public charging products or services, we will collect the personal information you need to use the public charging pile, which is subject to the information obtained with your consent on the charging service application page.

When you use the roadside assistance service, you need to provide your license plate number, name, mobile phone number, a description of the vehicle problem, and the location of the rescue so that we can provide you with the roadside assistance service.

When you use the licensing service, you need to provide your name, mobile phone number, ID number, motor vehicle sales invoice, vehicle certificate, and insurance policy information (all of which are necessary for the licensing service) so that we can provide you with the licensing service.

When you use the second-hand car replacement service, we need to collect and use your name, city of sale, mobile phone number, and vehicle model for service application (please refer to the application page for details), and we will provide your city, name, model, and mobile phone number (virtual number) to the replacement service provider (you can view the specific service provider name and contact information on the service interface), so that you can enjoy the second-hand car replacement service. In order to match you with a suitable service provider, we will apply for authorization for your location information to query your city, if you refuse to provide such authorization, you will not be able to use this corresponding service, but it will not affect your normal use of other business functions of Li Auto, and you can also choose to manually enter your city information. The trade-in service provider will also send back your model, license plate number, appraisal information, and trade-in service progress information to us so that we can confirm your used car appraisal and trade-in service status, and we will not use it for any other purpose.

When you apply for second-hand car owner certification, you can submit the certification information through "My - Settings - Personal Center - Vehicle Relationship - Apply to Become an Official Certified Car Owner", so that we can confirm the vehicle information and verify the identity of the applicant. If you are an individual user, you need to provide the vehicle VIN code, license plate number, motor vehicle registration certificate, motor vehicle driving license and a valid ID photo of the owner (including the front and back of the ID card/Hong Kong and Macao resident residence permit/Taiwan resident residence permit/valid military ID photo page/passport photo page + visa page). If you are an enterprise user, you need to provide the vehicle VIN code, license plate number, motor vehicle registration certificate, motor vehicle driving license, enterprise business license, valid ID photo of the legal representative (including the front and back of the ID card/Hong Kong and Macao resident residence permit/Taiwan resident residence permit/valid military ID photo page/passport photo page + visa page), power of attorney (including the contact number of the trustee, ID number, contact address). When you provide personal information to others, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the actual rights holder.

11. Mall shopping function

When you finish shopping in the marketplace and are ready to check out the items in your shopping cart, your order for that item will be generated. You need to fill in the name of the consignee, the delivery address and the mobile phone number in the order, and the order number, information about the goods or services you have purchased, the amount you should pay for the goods and the payment method will be stated in the order. When you purchase the car rights service, we also need to use the vehicle information (vehicle VIN code, license plate number, and vehicle model) you bind for service binding and page display. When you place an order for someone else, please make sure that you have obtained the consent of the actual rights holder.

All of the above information constitutes your "Order Information", and we will use your Order Information to verify your identity, confirm transactions, pay and settle payments, complete delivery, inquire about orders for you, and provide customer service consultation and after-sales service (including return and exchange services) with you; We will also use your order information to determine whether there is any abnormality in your transaction to protect the security of your transaction.

When you apply for invoicing, you need to fill in the invoice information and your email address as prompted on the interface to complete the invoice issuance service.

12. Auto financial services

When you choose the financial services provided by a third-party institution, you will enter the page of financial institution service loan application or loan information retention, complete the loan application and approval online, and we will provide part of your information to the financial institution at that time, so that you can enjoy auto financial services more conveniently, including the name of the license plate holder, valid ID number, vehicle invoice (photocopy), compulsory traffic insurance and commercial insurance policy (photocopy) (if any).The information of the car purchase store, vehicle information (including vehicle VIN code and engine number), intended financial plan, and down payment is necessary information for financial review, and the name of the specific financial service institution is subject to the page display. The financial institution will also return information about your financial progress to us so that we can confirm the payment of your purchase price, and we will not use it for any other purpose. If a third-party financial institution exercises the right of mortgage or recourse in accordance with the financial service agreement due to your overdue or other breach of contract, you agree and authorize Li Auto to provide the vehicle location information to your financial institution when it receives a notice from the third-party financial institution to exercise the right of mortgage or recourse.

13. Insurance services

When you purchase insurance for your vehicle, the insurance servicer we work with will provide insurance-related services (including information answering services) according to your needs, and you can complete the transaction with the insurance servicer. Upon your separate authorization, we may provide your personal data and vehicle purchase information to the appropriate insurance service provider. In addition, with your separate authorization, the insurance service provider will also return the insurance-related information of the vehicle you purchased to us so that we can provide you with notification and/or inquiry functions such as car insurance renewal reminders and exclusive customer service.

14. Placing orders and making payments

When you place an order during the purchase/use of our products and/or services, we will generate an order for the service for you, you may need to fill in your name, delivery address and mobile phone number (subject to the service page) in the order, and the order will indicate the order creation time, order number, information about the products and/or services you purchased/used, transaction amount and payment method (if any), and all the above information constitutes your". Order Information". When you need to use the online payment function after placing an order, you can choose the payment services provided by third-party payment institutions (including WeChat, Alipay, UnionPay, etc., subject to the payment methods displayed on the page), and we need to share your order number and transaction amount information with these payment institutions so that they can confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. When you place an order for someone else, please make sure that you have obtained the consent of the actual rights holder.

In order to fulfill our order with you, we will use your order information to verify your identity, confirm the transaction, pay and settle, complete the delivery, provide you with order inquiry services, customer service consultation and after-sales service (including return and exchange services); We will also use your order information to determine whether there is any abnormality in your transaction to protect the security of your transaction.

When you apply for invoicing, you need to fill in the invoice information and your email address as prompted on the interface to complete the invoice issuance service.

15. Abnormal investigation and security assurance

In order to ensure your normal use of our products and/or services, maintain the normal operation of our products and/or services, and ensure the security of your account, we will obtain your device information when you use our products and/or services [Device information in this Privacy Policy includes device identifier (IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/IDFV/OPENUDID/OAID/GUID/IMSI), network device hardware address (MAC address), Device parameters and system information (device type, device model, operating system, screen resolution, and hardware-related information), device network environment information (IP address)] and operation status (application installation information, application running processes and services).

We will collect operation logs and service log information generated during your use of our products and services [Log information in this Privacy Policy refers to the content you publish and browse when you use our products and/or services, and the operation time, type, network origin address, destination address, port, access date and time, and login IP information when you publish the content] for identifying product problems and optimizing product experience.

In order to improve the security of your online car reservation, more accurately prevent phishing website fraud and protect account security, we may judge the risk of your account through your browsing information, online car reservation information, your commonly used software information, and device information, and may record some links that we believe are risky; We will also collect your device information to analyze transaction security issues, count traffic and check possible risks, and troubleshoot when you send us abnormal information to ensure the security of your transactions.

16. Participation in activities

When you register for an online/offline event held by us or a third-party network platform that we cooperate with, you may be required to provide the name, mobile phone number, ID information, and address of the event participants (the personal information required varies depending on the nature of the event, and the specific information you voluntarily provide on the event details page shall prevail) for event registration, information confirmation, and event development. When registering for another person, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of the personal information subject or his/her guardian.

17. Information push and promotion

The Li Auto App may push relevant information about products and/or services (including charging behavior reminders, community message reminders, vehicle status and vehicle usage behavior reminders, after-sales service reminders, activity reminders, etc.) to you, which you can turn off or enable in the "My - Settings - Message Settings" section of the Li Auto App. From time to time, we will send you information that we think will be of interest to you, including our greetings, advertisements, promotions and promotions; Invite you to participate in surveys, service experiences, or other events organized by us about our products/services. However, please rest assured that if you do not wish to receive these messages, you can unsubscribe through the unsubscribe method provided in the text message on your mobile phone, or you can contact the privacy@lixiang.com to unsubscribe or turn off.

18. Business analysis and improvement

We may conduct research, processing, training, statistics, and analysis of the collected information after taking anonymization or de-identification measures for the development or improvement of our products/services, customer group analysis, and business decision-making reference, and may provide or disclose statistical analysis results or reports that do not contain your personal identification information.

19. Personalized content recommendation

In order to show you personalized content in the community forum of Li Auto App, we may collect information about your use of our products and/or services to recommend content of interest to you, and the personalized content recommendation we provide is only for content recommendation in the community forum, and you can choose to turn on or off the personalized content recommendation service through "My - Settings - Privacy Settings".

(2) The system permissions invoked by the Li Auto App/Mini Program

In order to make it more convenient or enjoyable for you to use our products and/or services, and to improve your experience, our products and/or services may require system permissions, which will only be enabled with your express authorization, and your personal information will only be collected when required by the relevant functions or services. If you refuse to enable the corresponding permissions, we will not apply for your authorization again within a reasonable period of time. This section will summarize the system permissions we use to facilitate a more systematic, complete and transparent presentation to you. You can manage the relevant permissions according to your actual needs, please see here for the permissions of Li Auto App/Mini Program.

(3) You are fully aware that, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, we do not need to ask for your consent to collect and use your personal information when there are any of the following legal reasons:

1. It is necessary for us to perform our obligations or duties stipulated by laws and regulations;

2. It is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract to which an individual is a party;

3. It is necessary to respond to public health emergencies or to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;

4. In accordance with the provisions of the Personal Information Protection Law of the People's Republic of China, process personal information disclosed by individuals or other personal information that has been lawfully disclosed within a reasonable scope;

5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.

2. How we use cookies and similar technologies

(1) Use of Cookies

When you use our services, in order to provide you with better services and make your login and access experience easier, we will send one or more small data files named cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies typically contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. We send you cookies to ensure the safe and efficient operation of our products and services, to simplify your repeated login steps, to store your product and service search information and to provide you with preferences. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy. If you use the web version of our products, you can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences, or you can clear all cookies stored in the software. If you clear cookies, you may need to change your user settings yourself on each visit, and any information you have previously recorded will be deleted, and may have an impact on your use of certain features that rely on cookies.

(2) Use of Network Beacons

In addition to cookies, we also use other similar technologies, such as web beacons. Our pages often contain electronic images (called "single-pixel" GIFs or "web beacons"). The use of web beacons can help access certain cookies that allow us to recognize registered users and provide them with personalized services.

III. How we entrust the processing, sharing, transfer, and public disclosure of your personal information

(1) Entrusted handling

In order to support, integrate, promote, and improve the products and/or services provided by Li Auto, some specific services in Li Auto's business functions are provided by us to local retail showrooms, retail centers, delivery centers, after-sales service centers, etc. (such as vehicle sales services, after-sales service, etc.). In addition, Li Auto will also entrust external partners (our third-party service providers, contractors, agents, etc.) to provide you with relevant services. For the companies, organizations and individuals we entrust to process personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements or data processing agreements with them, clarifying the responsibilities of both parties, the processing matters and the purpose of processing, etc., and requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our requirements, the provisions of this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. Detailed information on the processing we entrust to external partners can be found here.

(2) Sharing

We will not share your personal information with other personal information processors, except in the following circumstances:

1. Based on the requirements of laws and regulations

We may share and disclose your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations, litigation and dispute resolution needs, or in accordance with the requirements of administrative and judicial authorities in accordance with the law. Contain:

Based on the mandatory requirements of laws and regulations, we need to provide the vehicle VIN code, model model, engine number, purchase date, owner's name, ID number, and mobile phone number to the National Automotive Product Recall Integrated Management Information System of the State Administration for Market Regulation.

Based on the mandatory requirements of laws and regulations, we need to provide the license plate number, the name of the maintenance company, the VIN code of the vehicle, the date of sending for repair, the mileage of the repair, the settlement date, the description of the fault, the number of the settlement list, the type of fuel, the name of the parts, the number of parts, the code of the parts, the maintenance items, and the maintenance hours to the national automotive electronic health record platform.

2. Sharing necessary for the realization of our services/functions

When you use features provided by third parties in our products, we will share the information necessary to implement the business functions with these third parties. Specifically, please refer to the content notified and obtained by the special service page and obtained your consent.

(3) Third-party SDKs

In order to realize the relevant functions of our products and/or services, Li Auto App may include third-party SDKs, which may process your information. In order to protect your information security to the greatest extent, we strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies of any third-party SDK services before using them. If you find that these third-party SDKs are at risk, we recommend that you immediately terminate the relevant operations and contact us in a timely manner. For links to the personal information and privacy policies of Li Auto App embedded in third-party SDKs, please see here.

(4) Assignment

In principle, we will not transfer your personal information to other companies, organizations or individuals. When we are involved in a merger, acquisition, asset transfer or similar transaction, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will inform you of the name or name and contact information of the recipient, and require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.

(5) Public disclosure

We will not publicly disclose your personal information unless we obtain your separate consent or you voluntarily disclose the information.

Special Reminder: In the process of using our products and/or services, the personal information that you actively share and share publicly is not subject to the restrictions of this Privacy Policy (such as forwarding content to other Internet platforms). You should note that any information you share can be read, collected and used by any third party, please carefully consider the content you publish and disseminate through Li Auto and the information that may point to you personally. You are fully aware that when you make your own disclosure, as long as you do not delete the information you have publicly posted, that information may remain in the public domain; In some cases, even if you delete your publicly published information, such information can still be independently cached, copied or stored by other users or third parties not affiliated with and controlled by Li Auto, or stored in the public domain by other users or third parties. For example, when you forward your answers to our products and/or services to other Internet platforms, the platform will independently display, cache or save the content you forwarded, and may also be forwarded and saved by other Internet users, and the corresponding pages will not be under our control.

IV. How We Protect and Store Your Personal Information

(1) Our technologies and measures to protect your personal information

1. Technical measures and organizational measures

We have used industry-standard security measures to protect the personal information you provide from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss. We will take all reasonable and practicable measures to protect your personal information. For example, access control, TLS encrypted transmission, AES256, encryption algorithms of RSA2048 or higher strength for encrypted storage, and sensitive information desensitization display. We use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; We use trusted protection mechanisms to protect your data from malicious attacks.

We put in place access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel have access to personal information. We will conduct security and privacy protection training courses to raise employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information. We only allow our employees and partners of our affiliates to access personal information who have a need to know such information, and we have set up strict access control and monitoring mechanisms for this purpose. We also require all persons who may have access to your personal information to comply with appropriate confidentiality obligations. Failure to meet these obligations may result in legal liability or termination of the relationship with us.

At present, some of our important business systems have completed the filing of classified cybersecurity protection and passed the classified cybersecurity protection (Level 3) assessment.

2. Security incident response

In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc., and if it is difficult to inform the Personal Data Subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to make an announcement. At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.

The Internet is not a completely secure environment, and e-mail, instant messaging, and communication with other users are not encrypted, and we strongly recommend that you do not send personal information through such means. Please use a complex password to help us keep your account secure. We will do our best to protect the security of your personal information and use technical means to restrict unauthorized access, use or disclosure of your personal information. Despite the above measures, please understand that due to the limitations of current technological development and the various malicious means that may exist, it is not possible to guarantee 100% security of personal information at all times, even if we do our best to strengthen security measures. You need to understand that the system and communication network you use to access the Li Auto App, the in-vehicle application platform and the in-vehicle equipment supporting the automotive products may have problems due to factors beyond our control.

(2) Storage of your personal information

In accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations, we will store your personal information collected and generated in the course of domestic operations in the People's Republic of China, located in a data center in Beijing controlled by us. We do not transfer your personal information overseas.

Generally speaking, we will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and the time limit required by laws and regulations, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or otherwise authorized and agreed by the personal information subject. After the above storage period of personal information is exceeded, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.

The following retention periods are required by relevant laws and regulations:

According to the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic of China, we will keep your network logs for no less than 6 months;
According to the E-Commerce Law of the People's Republic of China, we will keep your service information and transaction information for no less than 3 years;
In accordance with the Regulations on the Administration of Recall of Defective Automobile Products, we will keep records of relevant information about automobile products and the information records of owners of initial sales for no less than 10 years;
According to the Measures for the Administration of Automobile Sales, we will keep your information files for no less than 10 years;
According to the "Regulations on the Responsibility for Repair, Replacement, Return and Exchange of Household Automobile Products", we will keep your repair records for no less than 6 years;
Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
5. How do you manage your personal information?

We attach great importance to your concerns about your personal information, and do our best to protect your rights to access, copy, correct, supplement, delete and withdraw consent to your personal information, so that you have the full ability to protect your privacy and security. In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, we protect you to exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information. Subject to the requirements of relevant laws, your close relatives may exercise the rights to access, copy, correct, and delete your relevant personal information, unless otherwise arranged by you.

(1) Access your personal account information

You have the right to access your personal account information stored in the Li Auto App at any time in the following ways: click "Me - Settings - Personal Center - Personal Data and Account Security" in the Li Auto App.

(2) Correcting or supplementing your personal information

When you find that there is an error in the personal information we process about you, you have the right to request us to correct and supplement it by clicking "My - Settings - Personal Center - Personal Information" in the Li Auto App.

(3) Delete your personal information

You may send an email to privacy@lixiang.com to us to request the deletion of your personal information, unless your personal information has been anonymized or otherwise provided by laws and regulations, and your identity shall be verified and you shall be asked to clarify the specific type of personal information that needs to be deleted, and we will respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of national laws, regulations and regulators.

After you or we assist you in deleting the relevant information, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from the backup system due to applicable legal and security technical restrictions, and we will securely store your personal information and restrict further processing of it until the backup can be erased or anonymized.

(4) Change the scope of your authorization and consent or withdraw your authorization

You can turn off permissions such as location, camera, microphone, phone, calendar, etc., in the "Me-Settings-Permission Management" of Li Auto App, change the scope of consent or withdraw your authorization.

You can exercise your right to withdraw your consent to the Privacy Policy in the "Me-Settings-Permission Management" of the Li Auto App.

Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed (see "I. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy), and after you withdraw your consent or authorization, we will not be able to continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of consent or authorization, nor will we process your corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the processing of personal information previously carried out based on your authorization.

(5) Cancellation of account

You can apply for cancellation of your account through "My - Settings - Personal Center - Cancel Account" in the Li Auto App, or contact us with the contact information listed in this Privacy Policy. When you meet the application conditions for account cancellation published by Li Auto App and successfully apply for cancellation of Li Auto client account, we will stop providing you with our products and/or services, and we will delete your personal information or anonymize your personal information unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.

(6) Copy or obtain a copy of your personal information

If you need to make a copy of your personal information collected by us or obtain a copy of your personal information collected by us, you can contact us by sending an email to privacy@lixiang.com, and we will submit a copy of your personal information to you after conducting the necessary identity verification and in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and under the premise that it is technically feasible. If you request to transfer your personal information to the personal information processor you designate, we will provide a channel for the transfer if you meet the conditions stipulated by the CAC.

(7) Respond to your requests

If you are unable to exercise your rights in the manner described above, you may contact us at any time by sending an email to privacy@lixiang.com.

For security purposes, we need to verify your identity before processing your request. In general, we will complete the identity check and response processing within 10 working days after receiving your application. If your request is complex or requires too many technical means, we will complete the response within the response time requirements stipulated by laws and regulations. In principle, we do not charge a fee for your reasonable request, but we will charge a certain cost fee for repeated requests, requests that exceed reasonable limits or require excessive technical means, depending on the situation.

6. How we process the information of minors

We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. Our products, websites, and services are primarily intended for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from minors. If you find that we have inadvertently collected personal information from minors, please notify us immediately, and we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.

7. Review, update and revision of this Privacy Policy

You can check this Privacy Policy again in the "My - Settings - Privacy Policy" section of the Li Auto App.

In order to provide you with better service and as our business grows, this Privacy Policy will also be updated. However, without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under the previous Privacy Policy. We will issue the updated version and remind you of the update of the relevant content through an announcement or other appropriate means before it takes effect, and please log in to the Li Auto client in time to understand the latest privacy policy. We will also keep previous versions of our Privacy Policy on file for your review.

For major changes, we will also provide more prominent notices (we will explain the specific changes to the Privacy Policy through methods including but not limited to email, text message or special reminders on the browsing page), and if the purpose, method and scope of processing personal information change, we will re-seek your consent, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. Material changes referred to in this Privacy Policy include, but are not limited to:

Significant changes in our products and/or service models, such as the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information processed, and the way in which personal information is used;
We have undergone significant changes in our ownership structure and organizational structure, such as business adjustments, changes in ownership caused by bankruptcy mergers and acquisitions, etc.;
changes in the main objects of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure;
Significant changes in your rights to participate in the processing of your personal information and the way in which they are exercised;
When there is a change in the department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channels;
When the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is a high risk.
8. How to contact us

If you believe that your personal information rights may have been infringed, or if you find clues about the infringement of your personal information rights and wish to make a complaint or report, or if you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, or if you have any privacy complaints or rights requests, you can contact us in the following ways:

Person in charge of personal information protection/contact person for user rights and interests: Information security team

Customer service phone: 4006860900

Contact Email: privacy@lixiang.com

Address: No. 11, Wenliang Street, Gaoliying Town, Shunyi District, Beijing

You can also make complaints and reports through the Li Auto App "Me-Settings-Complaints and Reports".

Under normal circumstances, we will complete the identity verification and response processing within 10 working days after receiving your feedback.

Supplementary Provisions: Definitions

Personal information: refers to all kinds of information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or by other means, including but not limited to the name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, telephone number, etc., excluding anonymized information.

Sensitive personal information: refers to personal information that, once leaked or illegally used, is likely to cause the personal dignity of a natural person to be violated or the personal or property safety to be endangered, including information such as biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical and health care, financial accounts, whereabouts and tracks, as well as the personal information of minors under the age of 14.

Log information: refers to the content you publish or browse when you use our products and/or services, the operation time, type, network origin address, destination address, port, access date and time, and login IP information when you publish the content.

Device information: includes device identifier (IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/IDFV/OPENUDID/OAID/GUID/IMSI), network device hardware address (MAC address), device parameters and system information (device type, device model, operating system, screen resolution, and hardware-related information), and device network environment information (IP address).
