Privacy Policy 
  Evergrande Automobile Group's privacy protection policy This privacy policy was updated on November 08, 2022 and took effect on Evergrande New Energy Automobile Investment Holding Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Evergrande Automobile Group" or "We") Protect the privacy and personal information of users (hereinafter referred to as "you"). When you use our products or services, we will process your personal information in accordance with the "Evergrande Automobile Group Privacy Protection Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"). We hope to explain to you through this policy. When you use our products or services, the personal information we collect, how we can save, use, protect, etc., as well as the way we provide for you Essence We will follow the requirements of the industry's mature safety standards in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, and take corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information. In the official website, the products or services you provide in the third direction are not applicable to the products or services we have set up separate privacy protection policies. Before using our products or services, we must read it carefully and fully understand the entire terms of this policy (especially the content displayed in a thick way), confirm that you have fully understood the rules of your personal information and Make a choice that you think is appropriate. Once you start using our products or services, it will be regarded as acceptance and recognition of the content of this policy, and agree to accept the constraints of this policy. Evergrande Automobile Group Applications, WeChat Mini Program, WeChat public account, official website, etc. are a platform we provide products or services. To explain how Evergrande Automobile Group handles your personal information and what rights you enjoy, we will explain related matters through this policy. The main points are as follows: 1) Personal information refers to Or a variety of information related to natural persons that can be recognized. Such as name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, address, communication and communication contact information, communication records and content, account password, property information, credit information, trajectory trajectory, accommodation information, health and physiological information, transaction information, etc. Essence But it does not include information after anonymous processing. You guarantee that your personal information is real, legal, complete, and effective information. 2) We will explain the types of your personal information and its corresponding uses we collected one by one, so that you can understand the categories, use reasons and collection methods of the specific personal information collected for a specific function. 3) When you use some functions, we will collect some of your sensitive information after obtaining your consent, such as authorizing login, login registration, appointment consultation, activities registration, etc. Unless it is collected in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, refusing to provide this information will only make you unable to use relevant features, but it does not affect other functions of your normal use of Evergrande Automobile Group platform. 4) At present, Evergrande Automobile Group will not take the initiative to share or transfer your personal information to third parties. If there are other sharing or transfer your personal information or you need us to share or transfer your personal information to a third party situation, we will directly or confirm that the third party obtains your consent of the above behavior. In addition, we will conduct personal information protection assessment on the behavior of providing information outside the outside world. 5) At present, Evergrande Automobile Group will not take the initiative to obtain your personal information from a third party. If the business development needs to indirectly obtain your personal information from a third party, we will show you the source, type, and scope of use of your personal information before acquisition. You originally provided the scope of the authorization consent when providing personal information to a third party. We will explicitly show you and obtain your consent before dealing with these personal information; in addition, we will strictly abide by the provisions of relevant laws and regulations, and will not continue Obtain your personal information illegal channels. When you use Evergrande Automotive Group's products or services, in order to facilitate us to provide you with one -stop services and facilitate your unified management, ensure system and account security based on Evergrande Automobile Group, we will get Evergrande Automobile The Group's unified account provides your account information (including mobile phone numbers and passwords), and sharing your account information with the Evergrande Group and its related company platforms used by Evergrande Automobile Group to share "User Agreement" and "Privacy Policy"), you fully understand and agree with this. 6) You can access and correct your personal information through the channel listed in this policy. You can also withdraw your consent, cancel account number, complaint reports, and set privacy functions. If you want to know more detailed information, read the corresponding chapters according to the following index: 1. We collect and use your information 2. Information security 4. How to use cookies and similar technologies 5. Information sharing, transfer and transfer and transfer Public disclosure 6. Your rights 7. Change 8. Protection of minors 9. Third -party SDK service 10. How to transfer personal information Global 11. Contact us 1. The information we collect is used by your use of Evergrande Automotive Group products or During the service process, Evergrande Automobile Group will collect information that you provide or use the product or service when using the product or service as follows, to provide you with products or services, optimize our products or services, and Guarantee your information security: 1.1 When you use the registration function, we will collect the names, mobile phone numbers, passwords, and verification codes you fill in. Collecting this information is to quickly complete the registration of the Evergrande Automobile Group platform. If you do not provide or do not agree to collect such information, you may not be able to use our personal information registration and SMS notifications normally. 1.2 When you use the WeChat Mini Program to authorize the login function, we will collect your mobile phone numbers, nicknames, avatars, and regions you fill in. The collection of information is to quickly complete the authorization login of the Evergrande Automobile Group platform. If you do not provide or do not agree to collect such information, you may not be able to use our authorization login service normally. 1.3 When you use the appointment consultation function, we will collect the names, mobile phone numbers, provinces, cities, and intentional models you filled in. The collection of information is to quickly complete the appointment consultation of the Evergrande Automobile Group platform. If you do not provide or do not agree to collect such information, you may not be able to use our appointment consultation service normally. 1.4 When you use the activity registration function, we will collect the location, name, and mobile phone number you filled in. The collection of information is to quickly complete the activities of Evergrande Automobile Group platforms. If you do not provide or do not agree to collect such information, you may not be able to use our event registration services normally. 1.5 When you use the platform of Evergrande Automobile Group, in order to ensure your normal use of our products or services, maintain the normal operation of our products or services, improve and optimize our product or service experience, and ensure your information security, we will be we will Collect your access to the network and access time log information. This kind of information is the basic information that provides products or services that must be collected. 1.6 When you query the nearby service outlets, you can authorize Evergrande Automotive Group to read your location information, and the unauthorized does not affect other functions of your use of Evergrande Automobile Group platform. 1.7 When you submit a complaint proposal, we will collect your name, mobile phone number, mailbox, region, mailing address, and operation records and data when using related functions. For subsequent follow -up processing and satisfaction survey, if you do not provide or do not agree to collect such information, you may not be able to use our complaint proposal function normally, and cannot obtain high -quality customer service. 1.8 When you participate in the platform's recommended car purchase and other prizes, we may collect your: ID card, bank card information for real -name authentication, so that cash or other rewards are issued. If it is not provided, you may not get rewards issued by the platform Essence In addition, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and national standards, in the following situations, we may collect and use the relevant personal information you or you provide without soliciting your authorization consent: 1) Directly related to national interests such as national security and national defense security; 2) Directly related to major public interests such as public safety, public health, and public knowledge; 3) directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and judgment implementation; It is difficult to obtain major legitimate rights and interests such as reputation; 5) The personal information collected by you is disclosed by your own public; 6) Collect personal information from the information disclosed by legitimately disclosed, such as legal news reports, and Government information disclosure and other channels; 7) The necessary and stable operations required by signing and fulfilling the contract according to your requirements are required to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided by maintenance, such as the failure of discovering and disposing of products or services; 9) It is necessary to carry out legal news reports; 10) When the public interest is necessary to carry out statistics or academic research institutes, and when it provides the results of academic research or description, the personal information contained in the result is ; 11) Other circumstances stipulated in laws and regulations. The identification code, the name of the vehicle owner, the car buyer's telephone, the registration date of registration, the face video authentication and video certification screenshot, the enterprise needs to provide additional business licenses, unify the social credit code, legal person name or the name of the agent. If you do not use specific products and services related to your vehicle, you do not need to provide the above information. The vehicle has completed the real -name authentication or the unblocked. When users use the real -name authentication related services of the Internet of Vehicle, they need to agree to provide their related information (including video information) to Hengchi APP; based on the purpose of applying for online services for users, they can Shared between cooperation units. 1.10 When you use the appointment test drive function, in order to provide you with better services, you need to choose the test drive store and provide contact information for contact and contact person, otherwise you cannot submit an appointment test drive application. 1.11 When you use the Hengchi home charging pile service, we will collect your name, mobile phone number, installation address, parking number (optional) information, so that our home charging pile service providers can better provide charging pile installation installation installation Serve. 1.12 When you use our online car purchase function, if it is a personal car purchase, we need you to provide the name of the car buyer, the car buyer's phone, and the car buyer's identity card information; if it is an enterprise to buy a car, we need you to provide you with the name Credit code, legal person's name, legal person ID information. It is used for subsequent signing electronic contracts, invoicing and other functions. If you cannot provide the above information, the vehicle is reservation or purchase. 1.13 In the process of using our electronic signing products/service, it may involve documents that sign the nature of the contract in an electronic manner. The electronic signing service is provided by a third -party service provider (such as the great method). Third -party service providers may collect you Personal information to verify your identity (mainly mobile phone number or face authentication), and retain electronic contract -related documents. The collection and use of this information to follow the privacy policy of third -party service providers. If you have a contract dispute with us, we will apply to a third -party service provider to retrieve the relevant data of your signing process. 1.14 When you use the car control function of the Hengchi APP, remote management and control of the vehicle through the APP (such as turning on the Bluetooth key, unlocking lock, trunk, window, charging, air conditioning, car search, remote parking and other functions, etc. Specifically based on the app display in the app), we will synchronize your vehicle -related information to the app to display and use it in the app, including vehicle location, vehicle historical driving records (including mileage, energy consumption, driving time, average speed speed Such), vehicle door/window/trunk switch, the temperature of the vehicle, the vehicle charging information, the information of the household charging pile, automatic driving and related functions. 1.15 When you use the vehicle to make an appointment and maintenance, we need to obtain information such as the delivery of the car, the phone call, and the type of appointment, so that our after -sales service outlets provide better after -sales service. If you cannot provide the above information, you cannot use the after -sales service appointment function. Please understand that the functions and services we provide to you are constantly updated and developed. If a function or service is not in the aforementioned and collected information you or you provide, we will use page prompts, interactive processes, websites, websites, websites, websites, websites, websites, websites Announcement and other methods to explain the content, scope and purpose of the collection of information to obtain your consent. Please note that our product integrates Friend League+SDK, Youmeng+SDK needs to collect your device MAC address, unique device recognition code (IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/Openudid/GUID, SIM card IMSI information) to provide statistical analysis Services, and the accuracy of the accuracy of the data of the geographical location, provide basic anti -cheating capabilities. Permanent description 1) Network permissions (Android) This permission includes viewing network status and changing network connections. When Hengchi APP is located through network status information and distinguishes mobile data networks or Wi-Fi networks, you need to view network status permissions. When the device uses the one-click login function in Wi-Fi and mobile data, you need to switch to use the mobile data network to authenticate the mobile phone number for one-click login. 2) Wi-Fi permissions (Android) This permission includes: View Wi-Fi network status and change Wi-Fi network status. When you use Hengchi APP to watch live content in the Wi-Fi environment, you will use Wi-Fi to receive permissions; when the Hengchi App is located through the Wi-Fi network status information, and distinguish between mobile data networks or Wi-Fi networks or Wi-Fi networks You need to use the network status permissions. 3) Mobile phone storage permissions (Android) When you use the riders to post the function through the Hengchi APP, access the album, upload or save the picture, we may need to open the storage permissions of your mobile phone device. If you do not provide reading mobile phone storage permissions, you may not be able to use the corresponding function. 4) Position permissions (iOS, Android) When you use the Hengchi APP store list query, charging, and after -sales outlet query function, we may need to open the location permissions of your mobile phone device. If the location permissions are not provided, the corresponding functions may not be used.