Effective date: October 28, 2022

Date of issue: October 21, 2022

Welcome to use the Aian App, Aian official website and Aian WeChat applet services provided by GAC Aian New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Aian" or "We").
[Note] This policy is formulated to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users (hereinafter referred to as "users") and regulate the use of your personal information. Please be sure to read all the following contents carefully (especially the contents marked in bold) before using the relevant products/services. If you do not agree with any content of this policy, please do not register or use this service. If you have completed the registration procedure and checked "Agree to this policy", you agree to be bound by this policy.

This policy mainly includes the following contents:
1. This policy will explain to you in turn the scope, purpose and method of personal information that each function may collect, as well as the possible result of refusing to provide personal information.
2. Aian is well aware of the importance of personal information to you. We will take corresponding measures to protect your personal information security in accordance with the national regulations on personal information security.
3. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, and follow the relevant national laws and regulations to process your personal information in accordance with the principle of "legality, legitimacy and necessity". At the same time, Aian promises that we will take corresponding security protection measures to protect your personal information according to the mature security standards in the industry.
4. Aian will use or share your personal information in strict accordance with the scenarios described in this policy. If it is beyond the scope of this policy, we will inform you again and obtain your explicit consent.

The contents of this policy are as follows:
1. Definition and scope of personal information;
2. Collection of personal information;
3. Use of personal information;
4. Saving and deleting personal information;
5. How to use cookies and similar technologies;
6. Sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal information;
7. How do we deal with the personal information of minors;
8. How do you manage your personal information;
9. Changes to this policy;
10. How to contact us.

1. Definition and scope of personal information
1.1 Personal information refers to various kinds of information recorded in electronic or other ways that can identify a specific natural person's personal identity alone or in combination with other information. In this privacy policy, it includes: name, mobile phone number, verification code, identity information, address, vehicle type, driving license, frame number, motor number, etc.
1.2 Personal sensitive information refers to personal information that may endanger personal and property security and easily lead to personal reputation, physical and mental health damage or discriminatory treatment once disclosed, illegally provided or abused. In this privacy policy, it includes: mobile phone number, verification code, ID card, address or other identification.
1.3 Anonymized information refers to the information that the subject of personal information cannot be identified or associated through technical processing of personal information, and cannot be recovered after processing. The information after anonymization is not personal information.
1.4 Other information that cannot identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person is not personal information.

2. Collection of personal information
We collect your personal information mainly to enable you to experience more diversified functions and services of Aian App. We will collect and obtain your personal information through the following channels:
2.1 Information provided by you. For example:
(1) Information provided to us when you register an Ai'an App account or Ai'an App service, such as name, mobile phone number, address, ID number, age, gender, model, driving license, frame number, motor number, etc;
(2) The shared information you provide to the third party through Aian App and the information stored when you use Aian App.
Please note that if you disclose your information in the information you upload or publish in the public area visible to other users in Ain App, or in your response to the information uploaded or published by others, such information may be collected and used by others. When you find that others improperly collect or use your information, you can contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to contact us" section of this policy.
2.2 Your information shared by a third party. That is, the third party uses the shared information about you provided by Aian App.
2.3 Your information obtained by us. The information we collect, summarize and record when you use the Aian App, such as log information, location information and equipment information; Or when you contact the customer service team of Aeon, in order to ensure the quality of customer service, better solve your problems, respond to your suggestions and opinions or feedback the results of the consulting service, we may record your voice information, your opinions or suggestions, your name and contact information by means of voice recording and manual text recording, However, the recording or text-related information we recorded is only necessary to complete customer service.
2.4 Impact of collecting personal sensitive information on your rights and interests
The above information provided by you or collected by us may contain your personal sensitive information, but the above collection is not continuous collection, and we will only conduct it under your specific functions or scenarios. For example, ID number, bank account number (see the charging and payment service section in Clause 6.1.1 for details), call audio record or call text information (see Clause 3.6 for details to provide you with customer service or other user response functions). Please be careful and pay attention to personal sensitive information. You agree that we can handle your personal sensitive information according to the purposes and methods described in this policy.

3. Use of personal information
We need to remind you that because of our many services and functions, the content provided for you is also different, so the relevant business functions (including the type of personal information collected by them) will also be different depending on the content of the products/services you choose. Please refer to the actual products/services you use. In addition, you understand and agree that the products and services we hope to provide to you are perfect, so we will continue to improve our products and services, which means that with the iteration, expansion and upgrading of products and services, we may often introduce new services or business functions or re-divide business functions, and may need to collect new personal information or change the purpose or method of using personal information. If we want to use your personal information for other purposes not specified in this policy or collect additional personal information not mentioned, we will obtain your consent through page prompts, interactive processes, website announcements or other means according to law. During this process, you can contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to contact us" section of this policy, and we will give you an answer as soon as possible.

We will collect and use your following types of personal information for the following purposes:
3.1 Help you complete registration and login
To help you register or log in to the Aian APP account, according to the legal requirements of the network real-name system, we will collect your mobile phone number to verify your identity and use it to create your account. In order to assign you local exclusive service personnel, we will collect your car cities. In order to provide you with better services, you can voluntarily choose to provide us with your avatar, nickname, profile, gender, and mailing address in the process of account registration and use. If you do not provide such information, it will not affect your normal enjoyment of the basic functions of Aian App. If you do not want to register, you can select the browse mode to view some content of the Aian App. In the browse mode, you do not need to provide the above personal information.
You can also use a third party account (such as WeChat, Weibo, Apple Apple account) to log in. We will obtain the third party account information (such as your avatar, nickname, gender, mobile phone number) provided by the third party authorized by you for quick login. We will also create an Aian APP account for you and bind the third party account, and use your personal information on the premise of complying with the agreement with the third party and relevant regulations.
3.2 Realize identity authentication or owner authentication
In accordance with relevant laws and regulations and regulatory requirements, or to meet the needs of user identity verification, security of systems and services and other specific service functions, we may need you to provide real identity information (such as name, ID card, driving license, driver's license), biometric information (static or dynamic facial features, fingerprints) and other identity information to complete identity authentication. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with relevant functions and services.
In order to achieve the purpose of identity authentication or vehicle owner authentication, you agree and authorize us to provide, query and check your aforementioned identity information to relevant identity authentication institutions (such as personal credit agencies, government departments, etc.) by ourselves or by a third party.
Please note that your identity information, biometric information, etc. are personal sensitive information. Please provide them carefully. If you refuse to provide them, you may not be able to use relevant functions or services, but it will not affect the normal use of other functions and services.

3.3 Maintain normal operation of basic functions
During your use of our services, in order to provide you with basic functions such as browsing and searching, identify the abnormal status of your account, ensure the network and operation security of Aian App, and maintain the normal operation of the above basic functions, we may directly or indirectly collect, store and correlate information about the services you use and the way you use, including:
(1) Log information: When you use our services, we may automatically collect your detailed usage of our services and save them as relevant network logs. For example, your login account, search query content, IP address, browser type, telecom operator, network environment, language used, visit date and time, and the page browsing record you visited, push opening record, stay time, refresh record, publish record, follow, subscribe, collect and share.
(2) Equipment information: We may receive and record information about the equipment you use. For example, device model, operating system and version, client version, device resolution, package name, device settings, process and software list, device identifier (MAC/IMEI/Android ID/IDFA/OpenUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI information/WeChat anonymous ID), software and hardware feature information, and information about the location of the device (such as IP address, GPS location, and WLAN access point, Bluetooth and base station sensor information that can provide relevant information). In order to collect the above basic personal device information, we will apply for the permission to access your device information. We collect this information to provide you with our basic services and basic functions. If you refuse to provide the above permission, you may not be able to use the relevant functions and services of Aeon App.
Please note that separate equipment information and log information are information that cannot identify a specific natural person. If we use such non-personal information in combination with other information to identify a specific natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, such non-personal information will be considered as personal information during the combined use period. Unless otherwise authorized by you or specified by laws and regulations, we will anonymize and de-identify such personal information. During the combined use, these information will be treated and protected as your personal information according to this policy.

3.4 Provide you with interactive and publishing services
When you upload and/or publish information and conduct related interactive activities (such as post, reply, top post, like articles, post updates, share, collect and reward) when using the Aian App service, we will collect the information you upload, publish or form, and use your nickname, avatar and published content for display.
Please note that the information you publish may contain your personal information or personal sensitive information. Please consider carefully before publishing. If the information you publish involves the personal information of others, you should obtain the consent of others before publishing.

3.5 Help you complete the order, pay and deliver goods or services to you
(1) When you order specific vehicles, goods and/or services in the Aian App, we will generate an order for you to purchase the vehicles, goods and/or services through the system. In the process of placing an order, you should at least provide the consignee's personal identity information, name, delivery address, postal code, consignee, contact number, and payment status information. If you refuse to provide such information, we will not be able to complete the relevant delivery services. If you order vehicles, goods or services for others through Aian App, you need to provide the aforementioned information of the actual subscriber. Before providing us with the aforementioned information of the actual subscriber, you need to ensure that you have obtained its authorization and consent;
(2) In order to show you the transaction information of your account and ensure the transaction security, we will collect the information (such as the vehicle, goods or service information you purchased, the specific order number, the order creation time, and the transaction amount) generated in the process of using the Ain App to show you and facilitate your order management;
(3) In order to complete order payment, deliver vehicles, goods or services, confirm the transaction status and provide after-sales and dispute resolution services for you, we will collect your account number, order, transaction, payment and logistics information related to the transaction progress through the trading partners, payment institutions and logistics companies you choose based on the exchange, or share your transaction information with the above service providers.

3.6 When you contact our customer service or use other user response functions (such as after-sales application for sale, personal information protection complaints or suggestions, and other customer complaints and demands), we may need you to provide necessary personal information to match and verify your user identity, so as to ensure the security of your account and system. We may also save your contact information (the other contact information you used when contacting us or provided to us voluntarily), your communication/call audio record or text record with us (only limited to the relevant information necessary to provide the customer service you need, such as your name, contact information and feedback questions, suggestions, inquiries), and other necessary information related to your needs, So as to contact you or help you solve the problem, or record the solutions and results of relevant problems.

3.7 Your personal information we collected indirectly:
Based on the Aian App service you choose to use, we may obtain relevant information you authorize to share from related parties and third-party partners. For example, when you use an account of a third-party platform to log in to the Aian App service, we will obtain the relevant information under the third-party account according to your authorization (including: user name, nickname, avatar, which is subject to your authorization content), and bind your third-party account with your Aian App account after you agree to this policy, so that you can directly log in and use the Aian App service through the third-party account. We will collect and use your information on the premise of complying with relevant laws and regulations, and in accordance with the agreement with related parties or third-party partners, and on the premise that we are convinced that the information provided by them is legal.

3.8 Information push of goods or services provided to you
In order to make you better understand the products/services provided by us/the third party, we may use your name, mobile phone number and email from time to time to send you relevant information about vehicle management, safety or vehicle rescue, vehicle maintenance issues, as well as advertising, promotion and marketing information, and invite you to participate in user research or member activities organized by us about our products/services.
Our goods and services include but are not limited to: Aian Auto operation services, interactive entertainment services, payment services, location and map services, application software and services, data management software and services, online advertising services, Internet finance and other social services, entertainment and e-commerce, information and communication software and services; and
Third-party goods and services, including but not limited to: Internet services, food and catering, sports, music, movies, television, live performances and other arts and entertainment, books, magazines and other publications, clothing and accessories, jewelry, cosmetics, personal health and hygiene, electronics, collections, household utensils, appliances, home decoration and furnishings, pets, cars, hotels, transportation and tourism, banking, insurance and financial services Points and bonus programs, as well as other goods and services you need.
If you do not want to continue to receive the above information, you can unsubscribe according to the unsubscribe method provided in the information, or contact us according to the method listed in the "Contact Us" section below to unsubscribe these information.

3.9 Provide you with vehicle data viewing service
In order to make it easier for you to view the relevant data of the vehicle, such as driving time, driving power consumption, average speed, form mileage, power consumption per hundred kilometers, maximum speed, and vehicle mileage, we will present the data collected and stored at the vehicle terminal to you through the driving data function of the App.

3.10 Provide you with industrial tourism services
In order to verify the identity of the participants, we need you to provide the ID card information of the participants.

3.11 Provide you with activities to recommend others to buy cars and get rewards (partner of Aian)
We will collect your necessary information to invite you to participate in the "Aian Partner", and we will collect your following information: name, mobile phone number through the way you provide or authorize the partner. If you refuse to provide your mobile number and verification code, we will not be able to continue to provide you with services under this activity.

3.12 Provide panoramic view, memory parking and car search function services
Description of panoramic car viewing function: When the vehicle with this function stops, the 360 surrounding environment will be recorded after being powered off, and pictures and videos will be uploaded to the cloud. Users can view it through the App. There may be portraits or license plates of passers-by;
Memory parking function description: after the vehicle with this function is started, the vehicle end transmits real-time video data to the App end through the cloud to realize the owner's monitoring of parking safety. There may be portraits or license plates of passers-by during the process;
Vehicle search function: after the vehicle with this function is started, the vehicle end transmits real-time geographic location (longitude and latitude information) to the APP end through the cloud to enable the owner to view the vehicle location.

3.13 To optimize vehicle functions and services
In order to optimize the vehicle functions and services and improve the vehicle experience, we will desensitize the articles, dynamics, comments, tribes, Q&A, speeches, activity group chat information, and multi-group chat information you post, extract and analyze the information reflecting the vehicle conditions and the demand information for products, so as to realize the development and improvement of vehicle functions and services.

In the process of optimizing vehicle functions and services, it is necessary to combine corresponding vehicle operation data to analyze specific problems in different environments and scenarios during vehicle operation, so as to propose more effective and targeted optimization schemes. Based on this, in addition to the above information and product requirements extracted from articles, dynamics, comments, tribes, Q&A, speeches, activity group chat information, multi-to-group chat information, we will also use your user ID (desensitized), vehicle VIN code, vehicle binding status, vehicle name, vehicle binding time and update time, and match the above information with specific vehicle operation data, Analyze the vehicle operation of specific vehicles to put forward improvement plans and suggestions, so as to optimize vehicle functions and services.

3.14 In order to develop and optimize the content, function and service settings of APP, and improve your use experience
In order to develop and optimize the content settings, function settings and service settings of the APP, we will desensitize your browsing records, browsing duration, click times, etc., and analyze the user's use of the APP based on one or more of the above information or data (for example, which content in the APP is browsed, which functions in the APP are used, and whether there are problems in the use of relevant functions), so as to further develop new content Functions and services or improve the settings of content, functions and services in APP.
In order to improve your use experience, we may read the contents of your clipboard to quickly paste the contents you copied onto the screen and improve your input efficiency; Or after you copy the link to open the app, you can directly jump to the specified page for your convenience. Please note that to avoid disputes, clipboard contents will not be uploaded to the cloud. If you do not want to use this function, you can turn off this permission in the mobile system settings - Application permission. If you do not agree with our local reading, you may not be able to use our clipboard function, but it will not affect your normal use of APP related products and services.

3.15 To improve the security performance of Aian app and ensure that you are in a safe operating environment
In order to improve the security of your use of the services provided by Aian APP and its partners, protect the personal and property security of you or other users or the public from infringement, better prevent the security risks such as phishing websites, trojans, fraud, network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks, network intrusions, and more accurately identify the violations of laws and regulations or relevant agreements and rules of Aian App services, we may collect Use or integrate your account information, transaction information, device information (including reading the installed application list), log information and the information that our affiliated companies and partners have obtained your authorization or shared according to the law to comprehensively judge your account and transaction risk, conduct identity verification, detect and run the Aian app on your device whether there is unsafe environmental risk, and take necessary records, audits, analysis Disposal measures.
If you don't want us to read the list of installed apps in your device, you can turn off this permission through Mobile System Settings - Application Permission.

3.16 You understand and agree that some individual services may require you to open specific access rights in your device to achieve the collection and use of information involved in these rights. If you refuse to open the relevant permissions, the relevant function services may not be provided normally, but if you do not provide this information, it will not affect your registration as our user and normal use of other functions.
For example:
(1) After you enable the storage permission, you allow us to access your storage space, so that you can download and save content, or realize the corresponding services and other functions through caching;
(2) After you enable the device information permission, you allow us to obtain your device information as the unique identification of your device, so as to optimize the page display and content design, understand the product suitability, identify abnormal status, and ensure the network and operation security of Aeon App;
(3) After you open the photo album and/or camera (camera) permissions, you can upload and take photos/pictures/videos, and realize the functions of publishing dynamic, articles and comments, live video or providing proof through communication with customer service;
(4) After you open the address book permission, we can obtain your address book friend information, so as to provide you with friend status query, invite your friends to use the Aian App service, and share content/products with people you know;
(5) After you turn on the microphone and related voice permissions, you can use the voice function to interact with our products and others, or contact customer service, etc;
(6) After you open the location permission, we can obtain your location information, so that you can more freely use the functions of charging map, remote car search, inviting intelligent driving, etc.
(7) After you enable our permission to read/write your calendar, we can get your schedule time to provide you with recording, reminding and other functions.
When you need to turn off these functions, most mobile devices will support your demand. Considering that different brands and types of mobile devices may have different channels to turn off clipboard functions, please refer to or contact your mobile device's service provider or manufacturer for specific methods. Please note that if you open any permission, it means that you authorize us to collect and use relevant information to provide you with corresponding services. If you close any permission, it means that you cancel the authorization. We will no longer continue to collect and use relevant information based on the corresponding permission, nor can we provide you with the corresponding services. However, your decision to close permissions will not affect the previous information collection and use based on your authorization.

3.17 Exceptions to obtaining authorization
According to relevant laws and regulations, it is not necessary to obtain your authorization to collect your personal information under the following circumstances:
(1) Necessary for the performance of legal duties or obligations;
(2) It is necessary to respond to public health emergencies or to protect the life, health and property safety of natural persons in emergencies;
(3) Implement news reporting, public opinion supervision and other behaviors for the public interest, and handle personal information within a reasonable range;
(4) Dispose of personal information disclosed by individuals or other legally disclosed personal information within a reasonable scope in accordance with the provisions of this Law;
(5) Collect personal information from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;
(6) It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of Aian App, such as finding, analyzing, researching, disposing, and counting the faults of products or services;
(7) It is necessary to carry out legal news reporting;
(8) It is necessary to carry out statistical or academic research in the public interest and de-identify the information contained in the results when providing the results of academic research or description;
(9) It is necessary to sign and perform the contract according to your requirements;
(10) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and administrative regulations.
(11) Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

4. Saving and deleting personal information
4.1 Retention period: Unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations or regulatory authorities, we only store your personal information within the shortest time period necessary for the purpose stated in this policy. If we terminate the operation of Aian App or corresponding functions, we will stop collecting your corresponding personal information in a timely manner, and will notify you in advance in accordance with relevant laws and regulations, and delete or anonymize your personal information after the termination of service or operation, unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations or regulatory authorities.
4.2 Storage location: The personal information collected and generated by us in the operation of the People's Republic of China is stored in China. When it is really necessary for us to provide your personal information outside the People's Republic of China, we will perform the necessary procedures in strict accordance with the regulatory requirements in the People's Republic of China, and will also fully inform you of the name or name of the overseas receiver, contact information, processing purpose, processing method The type of personal information and the way and procedure for the individual to exercise the rights specified in this Law to the overseas recipient have your separate consent again.
4.3 Deletion of personal information
When you take the initiative to delete your personal information, we will retain your existing personal information for the network behavior security record (see a and b below) in accordance with the minimum period specified by laws and regulations. Within the minimum period required by laws and regulations, we will no longer use your personal information commercially. When your personal information exceeds the above storage period, we will anonymize it.
A. In order to cooperate with the People's Procuratorate, the public security organ and the national security organ to investigate the criminal behavior of users in the process of using the Ethiopian security service, and better protect the life and property security of other users or the public, when users delete personal information or cancel accounts independently, we will encrypt and isolate the user's personal information within the criminal prosecution period specified in the criminal law.
B. If you are in serious violation of laws and regulations, platform policies, platform rules and other circumstances in the process of using the services of the Aian platform, your illegal and default records and corresponding platform credit records will be permanently saved.
C. If the specific privacy policy signed by Aian and you has special agreement on the storage period of certain information, the agreement shall prevail.
4.4 Safety protection measures
We will adopt strict security systems and industry-wide security technologies and procedures to ensure that your personal information will not be accessed, used, publicly disclosed, modified, lost, disclosed or damaged without authorization.
(1) The user's personal information is encrypted and stored in the server and stored through data isolation technology.
(2) Use encryption transmission policy during data transmission.
(3) Strictly control data access rights, and establish a complete application and approval system for sensitive data access rights.
(4) Establish a data security monitoring and audit system to conduct comprehensive data security control.
(5) We conduct comprehensive security control over data through the confidentiality agreement, monitoring and audit mechanism of information contacts.
(6) We will hold security and privacy protection training courses to strengthen employees' security awareness and understanding of personal information protection policies and relevant procedures.
(7) We only allow Ethiopian employees, service providers and partners (see 6.1.1) who need to know this information to access your personal information, and set up strict access control and monitoring mechanism for this purpose. We also require all personnel who may have access to your personal information to perform corresponding confidentiality obligations. If we fail to fulfill these obligations, we may be investigated for legal responsibility or our cooperation relationship may be suspended.
(8) The Internet environment is not 100% secure. We will try our best to ensure or guarantee the security of the personal information you send us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of personal information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
4.5 Handling of safety incidents
In order to deal with the possible risks of personal information disclosure, damage and loss, we have developed a number of systems to clarify the classification and grading standards of security incidents and security vulnerabilities and the corresponding handling procedures. We have also set up an emergency response team for security incidents. In accordance with the requirements of the security incident handling specification, we have launched security plans for different security incidents, stopped losses, analyzed, positioned, developed remedial measures, and cooperated with relevant departments to trace and strike. We also regularly organize internal training and emergency drills to enable our relevant staff to master the corresponding emergency response strategies and procedures.
After the unfortunate occurrence of an information security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce risks independently, and the remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. At the same time, we will timely inform you of the relevant information of the event by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the information subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective ways to release the announcement. At the same time, we will also actively report the disposal of information security incidents according to the requirements of regulatory authorities.
The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. We cannot guarantee that the system and information are 100% safe. Please keep your account number, password and other identity elements properly. When you use the Aian App service, we may identify you by your account number, password and other identity elements. Once you disclose the above information, you may suffer losses and may be detrimental to you. If you find that the account number, password and/or other identity elements may or have been disclosed, or you think there are any security risks or vulnerabilities in our system, please contact us immediately according to the contact information provided in this privacy policy, so that we can take corresponding measures in time to avoid or reduce relevant losses. We will develop an emergency plan for network security incidents and deal with security risks such as system vulnerabilities, computer viruses, network attacks and network intrusions in a timely manner. When an incident endangering network security occurs, we will immediately launch the emergency plan, take corresponding remedial measures, and report to the relevant competent authorities in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. After the occurrence of a security incident, we will promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the handling measures we have taken or will take, the suggestions you can take to prevent and reduce risks independently, and the remedial measures for you in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will inform you of the relevant information of the event in a timely manner by SMS notification, telephone, email and other contact information reserved by you. If it is difficult to inform you one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to release the announcement.

4.6 Stop operation
If the Aian platform stops operation, we will publish an announcement on the Aian platform at least 30 days in advance and stop collecting personal information in time.
After the operation is stopped, we will stop the commercial use of personal information and anonymize the collected personal information after meeting the minimum storage period specified by laws and regulations.

5. How to use cookies and similar technologies
5.1 In order to make your access experience easier, when you visit our platform website or use the services provided by our platform, we may identify your identity through small data files. This is to help you save the step of repeatedly entering registration information, or to help judge the security of your account. These data files may be cookies, flash cookies, or other local storage provided by your browser or associated applications (collectively referred to as "cookies").
5.2 Please understand that some of our services can only be realized by using "cookies". If your browser or browser add-on service allows, you can modify your acceptance of cookies or reject our cookies, but this action may affect your safe access to our platform related websites and use of services provided by our platform in some cases. Our products and services may have cookies placed by advertisers or other partners. These cookies may collect non-personally identifiable information related to you to analyze how users use the service, send ads to you, or evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising service. We promise to process your personal information in accordance with the contract signed with the third party and the provisions of relevant laws. At the same time, please read the personal information protection policy and user agreement of the third party in detail. The collection and use of such information by these third-party cookies are bound by their own personal information protection statement.
5.3 You can reject or manage cookies through browser settings, but please note that if you disable cookies, you may not enjoy the best service experience, and some services may not work properly. At the same time, you will receive the same number of advertisements, but their relevance to you will be reduced.

6. Sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal information
6.1 Sharing refers to the process of providing personal information to other personal information controllers, and both parties have independent control over personal information. Aian will not share your personal information externally, except for the following cases, and will adopt the method of encrypted transmission:
6.1.1 Sharing with explicit consent: After obtaining your explicit consent, EAN will share the information within the scope of your authorization with a third party to provide better service and user experience. At present, our third-party service providers mainly include the following types:
When we push information to you, we need to contact our push service provider (Shenzhen Hexun Huagu Information Technology Co., Ltd., privacy policy link https://www.jiguang.cn/license/privacy ）Share your device information, network information, location information, and device serial number; In order to optimize your use experience, improve the use efficiency, and facilitate you to jump to the Aian APP through the application interface or link platform other than the Aian APP to participate in the activity, when the external link starts or wakes up the app, the push information service SDK will read the clipboard of the user's mobile phone to determine whether the data meets the specified format, and the jump to your target interface has been realized. In addition, in order to improve the arrival rate of information push and ensure that you receive relevant information in a timely manner, the SDK of the information push service provider may detect the apps installed on the user's mobile phone, and there will be associated startup behavior when receiving the push. If you want to turn off the auto-start or associated start function, you can turn off the notification through the phone settings.
When you use map, charging and other location-related services, we will provide map services to the provider (Gaode Software Co., Ltd., privacy policy link https://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/ Or Beijing Baidu Netcom Technology Co., Ltd., privacy policy link https://lbsyun.baidu.com/index.php?title=openprivacy ）Share your WLAN status information, location information, terminal device unique identifier, and device serial number;
When you need to share content across platforms and use one-click login, we need to contact the service provider (Youmeng Tongxin (Beijing) Technology Co., Ltd., which provides sharing support and number authentication, privacy policy link https://www.umeng.com/policy ）Share your device-related (SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent device identifier, iOS advertising identifier (IDFA), Android advertising master identifier, network card (MAC) address, international mobile device identifier (IMEI), device model, sensor parameters, terminal manufacturer Terminal device operating system version, session start/stop time, language location, time zone and network status (WiFi, etc.), hard disk, CPU and battery usage) information, and device serial number;
In order to ensure your smooth use of the service, we will cooperate with the service provider for fault collection and analysis (Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., privacy policy http://bugly.qq.com/v2/contract ）Share your device information, network status, user ID of the receiver and sender, usage duration, and device serial number;
When you use the image and text publishing function to upload and download pictures, we will share your network status and anonymous account information with the service provider providing cloud storage (Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.);
When establishing the statistical function of the app, we will share the information of your mobile app with the service provider that provides the function (Shence Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., which can go to the company to learn about the specific privacy policy), including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware feature information, device serial number, and the page and page records you need;
When you use the chat function, we will contact the provider of instant communication service (Beijing Yizhang Yunfeng Technology Co., Ltd., privacy policy link https://www.easemob.com/protocol ）Share your device information, network status, receiver and sender user ID, channel information, usage duration, name and log set in the channel; Chat information: (including the text, pictures, audio, video, your images, sounds, portraits and the content you communicate); GPS positioning information, longitude and latitude; Contact information submitted voluntarily;
When you use the payment function, we will link to the privacy policy of the provider of payment services (Alipay (Hangzhou) Information Technology Co., Ltd https://opendocs.alipay.com/open/01g6qm ）Share your device information (such as IMEI/IMSI, SIM card serial number/MAC address, android_id), network information, and device serial number for user login account;
When you use the WeChat login, sharing and payment functions, we will share your device information (such as IMEI/IMSI, SIM card serial number/MAC address, android_id) and network information with the supplier that provides this function (Tenpay Payment Technology Co., Ltd., which can go to the company to learn the specific privacy policy) for users to log in to the account;
When you use the microblog login and sharing function, we will share your device information (such as IMEI/IMSI, SIM card serial number/MAC address, android_id) and network information with the supplier that provides the function (Beijing Microdream Network Technology Co., Ltd., which can go to the company to learn about the specific privacy policy);
In order to improve the advertising effect, our platform integrates the partner's second hand analysis SDK. The second hand analysis SDK will obtain your device information, network information, location information, and device serial number. If you want to learn more about the personal information protection policy of the second hand, you can go to https://miaozhen.com/cn/privacy To view.
In order to quickly fix known problems, we access the Tinker SDK. The supplier of the SDK (Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co., Ltd., which can go to the company to learn about the specific privacy policy) will obtain your application task list;
In order to provide you with system notification message push, our platform integrates Xiaomi Push SDK (provided by Beijing Xiaomi Technology Co., Ltd., link to privacy policy https://dev.mi.com/console/doc/detail?pId=1822 ）Huawei Push SDK (provided by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., link to privacy policy https://developer.huawei.com/consumer/cn/doc/development/HMSCore-Guides/privacy-statement-0000001050042021 ）, Vivo Push SDK (provided by Vivo Mobile Communication Co., Ltd., link to privacy policy https://dev.vivo.com.cn/documentCenter/doc/366#w1 -08512613) and oppo push SDK (provided by OPPO Guangdong Mobile Communication Co., Ltd., privacy policy link https://open.oppomobile.com/wiki/doc#id=10680 ）；
When you use the Bluetooth key for vehicle control and parking control, we will share your Bluetooth MAC address, user location GPS positioning and Bluetooth equipment with the supplier that provides this function (Shanghai Yinji Information Security Technology Co., Ltd., which can go to the company to learn the specific privacy policy) through the Silver Key SDK;
To provide browsing services, we access Tencent X5 browser SDK. Browsing service provider (Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.) may collect the Mac address and unique device identification code (IMSI, AndroidID) of your end user's device during the background operation process to ensure timely handling of browser operation failures and other problems. In order to ensure the smoothness, accuracy and effectiveness of your use of the browsing service, and to use the search and sharing functions flexibly, the browsing service provider (Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.) may obtain your storage rights, mobile phone model and the content of the cutting board after your special authorization and consent. (Tencent Browsing Service Privacy Policy: https://x5.tencent.com/tbs/guide/develop.html#5  ）
In order to provide audio and video communication services, we will share your network status with the provider providing this function (Baijia Cloud Group Co., Ltd., which can go to the company to learn about the specific privacy policy) through Baijia Cloud rtcskit;
When you use the charging map for charging payment, we will share your name, mobile phone number and CMB bank account number with the supplier of charging payment service (China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.);
In order to provide you with experience test drive, vehicle delivery and other services, we will share the necessary personal information with the authorized dealers of Aeon. In order to achieve the above services, we may provide your APP nickname, mobile phone number, location, and selected dealer information to the dealer in the region you selected when registering;
Other necessary suppliers, service providers and partners.
The third-party services we cooperate with may collect your personal information. If you use such third-party services in our services, you agree to directly collect and process your information. We will assess the legitimacy, legitimacy and necessity of such third-party services to collect personal information, and require such third-party services to take protective measures for your personal information, and strictly comply with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. You can check 6.1.1 to understand the basic information of our main access to third-party services. The access of individual services to third-party services may vary. If you need to know the details of the access of specific individual services to third-party services, please go to the corresponding service page and check the specific terms and relevant pages of our individual services. You can also choose to contact us through the feedback channels listed in the "How to contact us" section of this policy, and we will give you an answer as soon as possible.
The above third-party services are operated by the relevant third party. Your use of applications and other services provided by such third parties (including any information you provide to such third parties) must be subject to the third party's own service terms and information protection statement (not this policy). You need to carefully read the applicable terms and conditions (as well as any relevant privacy statement) before using such applications or services. This policy only applies to the personal information we collect, and does not apply to the services provided by any third party or the rules for the use of the third party's information. If you find that these third-party services are at risk, we recommend that you terminate relevant operations to protect your legitimate rights and interests and contact us in a timely manner.
6.1.2 Sharing under legal circumstances: Aian may share your personal information externally according to the provisions of laws and regulations, the needs of litigation dispute resolution, or the requirements of administrative and judicial authorities according to law.
6.1.3 Share to Aian's affiliated companies: Your information may be shared within Aian's affiliated companies. We will only share necessary personal information and are bound by the purpose stated in this policy. If we share your personal sensitive information or the affiliated company changes the use and processing purpose of personal information, we will ask for your authorization again.
6.1.4 In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users, when assisting in handling the transaction disputes or disputes related to you, we may provide your counterparty or interested third parties with the information necessary to resolve the transaction disputes or disputes.
6.1.5 In case of acquisition, merger, reorganization and other changes, we will require the changed subject to still abide by the privacy policy and perform the original responsibilities and obligations. If the changed subject needs to change the purpose of using personal information, we will ask it to obtain your express consent in advance. Internally, in the previous acquisition and merger activities, the data (including user data) managed by the acquired and merged objects are processed and protected according to the same standards and requirements as the data owned by Aian.
6.1.6 We will abide by relevant laws and regulations and keep your personal information confidential. We will not publicly disclose your personal information unless we obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance, or as required by law.
6.1.7 In addition, according to relevant laws, regulations and national standards, in the following cases, we may share, transfer and publicly disclose personal information without obtaining the authorization and consent of the personal information subject in advance:
A. Directly related to national security and national defense security;
B. Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
C. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
D. For the purpose of protecting the life, property and other important legal rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person;
E. Personal information disclosed by the personal information subject to the public;
F. Collect personal information from legally disclosed information, such as legal news reports, government information disclosure and other channels.
7. How do we handle the personal information of minors
7.1 Our products, websites and services are mainly for adults. Without the consent of parents or guardians, minors should not create their own personal information subject accounts.
7.2 In the case of collecting children's personal information with the consent of parents, we will only use or publicly disclose this information if it is permitted by law, explicitly agreed by parents or guardians or necessary to protect children. For the personal information of children under the age of 14 that may be involved, in addition to complying with the provisions of this privacy policy on user personal information, we will also adhere to the principles of legitimate necessity, informed consent, clear purpose, security, and legal use, and strictly comply with the requirements of laws and regulations such as the "Regulations on the Network Protection of Children's Personal Information" to store, use, and disclose children's personal information, And guarantee the legitimate rights of children and their guardians to the relevant personal information of children. Although local laws and customs have different definitions of children, we regard anyone under the age of 14 as a child.
7.3 If we find that we have collected the personal information of children without the prior consent of verifiable parents, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
7.4 If you are the guardian of minors, when you have questions about the information processing of minors under your guardianship, or you have facts to prove that minors have registered to use our products and/or services without the consent of the guardian, please contact us through the contact information disclosed in this privacy policy.

8. How do you manage your personal information
8.1 Access and query your personal information. You have the right to access and query your personal information through Aian APP, applet, customer service center and other channels, unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations.
8.2 Correct personal information. If you find that your personal information is processed incorrectly, you have the right to ask us to make corrections. You can contact us at (400-188-3333) for correction. We will complete the correction within 15 working days after receiving your request information.
8.3 Delete personal information. If you want to delete your personal information, you can contact Aeon customer service online or by telephone to submit the deletion application. We will delete or anonymize your personal information if the minimum storage period required by laws and regulations is met. Within the shortest storage period required by the above laws and regulations, we will no longer use your personal information commercially.
However, your application to delete personal information will not be subject to the minimum storage period required by laws and regulations when the following circumstances exist in Aian:
A. Aeon collects and uses your personal information in violation of laws and administrative regulations.
B. Aian collects and uses your personal information without your consent.
C. Aian's handling of personal information violates the agreement with you.
If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also notify the entities that have obtained your personal information from us and require them to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise specified by laws and regulations, or these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
When you delete information from our service, we may not delete the corresponding information in the backup system immediately, but we will delete the information when the backup is updated.
8.4 Withdrawal of consent. We will guarantee users' right to withdraw their consent in the following ways:
A. In the commercial advertising message sent by the Aian platform, you will be explained the specific unsubscribe method, and you can withdraw your consent according to the unsubscribe method described in the message.
B. You can turn off the corresponding device permissions (including location, address book, photo, microphone, camera, notification, etc.) through the device settings function, and revoke the authorization of Aian to obtain your personal information.
8.5 Account cancellation. You can cancel your previously registered account by submitting a cancellation application in the App and contacting customer service. We will complete the cancellation review within 15 working days after you contact customer service. After cancelling the account, we will stop providing services for you and delete your personal information according to your requirements. Unless otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations.
8.6 Obtain a copy of personal information. You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information. You can contact us at the customer service hotline (400-188-3333) to find out how to obtain it..
8.7 Respond to the above request. To ensure security, you may need to provide a written request, or prove your identity in other ways. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request.
In principle, we will not charge you for your reasonable request, but for repeated requests that exceed the reasonable limit, we will charge a certain cost according to the situation. We may refuse requests that are repeated without reason, require too many technical means (for example, need to develop new systems or fundamentally change existing practices), pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are very impractical (for example, involve information stored on backup tapes).
We will not be able to respond to your request under the following circumstances:
A. Related to the personal information controller's performance of obligations under laws and regulations;
B Directly related to national security and national defense security;
C. Directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests;
D. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
E. The personal information controller has sufficient evidence to show that the personal information subject has subjective malice or abuse of rights;
F. For the purpose of safeguarding the life, property and other important legal rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain my consent;
G. Responding to the request of the personal information subject will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals and organizations;
H. Those involving trade secrets.
8.8 If you cannot delete your personal information in the above way and withdraw your consent, you can contact the customer service team of Aian through the customer service hotline (400-188-3333).
9. Update of this privacy policy
9.1 In order to provide you with better services and with the development of the business in Ethiopia, we may revise this policy in due time. When the terms of this policy are changed, we will log in and update your version through the Aian APP and Aian official website（ https://www.gacne.com.cn/ ）And applets are displayed to you in the form of push notifications. Please note that only after you click the consent button will we collect, use and store your personal information according to the updated guidelines. However, without your explicit consent, we will not reduce your rights under this personal information protection policy.. If you have any suggestions or questions about the updated content of this privacy policy, you can contact us at the customer service hotline (400-188-3333) for feedback, and we will reply within 15 working days.
9.2 If there is a major change in this privacy policy, we will also provide more significant notice (including for some services, we will send a notice by email to explain the specific changes in the personal information protection policy).
The major changes referred to in this policy include but are not limited to:
A. Significant changes have taken place in our service model. For example, the purpose of processing personal information, the type of personal information processed, and the use of personal information;
B. Significant changes have taken place in our ownership structure and organizational structure. Such as changes in owners caused by business adjustment, bankruptcy and merger, etc;
C. The main object of personal information sharing, transfer or public disclosure changes;
D. Your right to participate in personal information processing and the way you exercise it have changed significantly;
E. When the department responsible for handling personal information security, contact information and complaint channel change;
F. The personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there are high risks.
10. How to contact us
We will protect your personal information in accordance with this policy. If you have complaints and reports about network information security, or you have any questions, opinions or suggestions about this policy, the privacy measures of Aian App, and the related matters of your information, please contact us through customer service telephone: 400-188-3333 or write to the following address: 36 Longying Road, Panyu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province; Zip code: 511434.
Generally, we will reply within 15 working days after receiving your questions, comments or suggestions and verifying your user identity. If you are not satisfied with our reply, you can also complain to the consumer protection department.

