 1.3 Owner authentication information: When you have registered and logged into the Beijing Auto Service Platform to use the additional functions of the Beijing Auto Service Platform, in order to provide you with such services, you are required to further provide us with the following information in addition to the above registration information. If you do not use specific products and services, you do not need to provide the relevant information.   (1) Storage: When you upload pictures and videos using the functions of posting news, long posts, long graphics, asking questions, modifying avatars, etc. in the home page and the model area, we need to ask you for storage permission for selecting pictures and videos for use from your cell phone. When you use the car owner authentication in the car module and the car purchase confirmation in the zone to upload the car purchase invoice/ID card/travel book photo for authentication, we need to ask you for storage permission to select pictures and videos from your cell phone. When using IM chat functions such as private messaging with friends and online customer service, we will obtain your storage privileges to read your avatar nickname and other information. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to provide you with the above-mentioned services, but it will not affect your use of other services on the Beijing Auto platform. (2) Phone: When you use the functions of contacting customer service, one-click 400, contacting dealership, contacting rescue, etc. in the APP service and purchase order-related functions, we will ask you for phone privileges to achieve the function of quickly calling the service number. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to provide you with the above-mentioned related services, but it will not affect your use of other services of Beijing Auto platform. (3) Recording: When you send a video to the customer service using the function of posting video dynamics, service board or online customer service in the model area, we will ask you for recording permission for the function of video recording. If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to provide you with the above location-related services.  (4) Camera: When you use the functions of posting dynamic, long post, long graphic, asking questions, modifying avatar, etc. in the home page and model area to take pictures and videos, or when you use the functions of owner certification and car purchase confirmation to take pictures, or when you use the APP to scan QR code for charging and check out orders, or when you use the IM chat functions such as online customer service and private message to take pictures, we will ask you for camera Permissions to achieve the function that you can use the camera to take pictures and videos and upload them to the APP. If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to provide you with the above-mentioned services, but it will not affect your use of other services on the Beijing Auto platform.  (5) Location information: When you use Love Car - People Car Route, book maintenance, book test drive, charge bar, one-click rescue, search and view nearby service station outlets, view location services, and participate in marketing or promotional activities of this platform, we will collect your location information and address information to recommend and provide the above related services. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to provide you with the above-mentioned location-related services.  (6) Real identity information: We will collect your real name, cell phone number, ID card photo and number, driving license photo, purchase invoice photo, vehicle identification code (i.e. VIN), which will be used to authenticate you as a vehicle owner, and then provide you with services such as vehicle control, maintenance appointment, traffic inquiry, one-touch rescue, vehicle control, and vehicle status inquiry. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with the above-mentioned services, but it will not affect your use of other services of Beijing Auto platform.  (7) Personal information: When you improve your personal information on the Beijing Auto platform, we will collect your gender and birthday to distinguish your title and provide birthday greetings. If you do not provide this information, we will not be able to provide you with the above-mentioned services, but it will not affect your use of other services on the Beijing Auto platform. If you change your avatar, you can choose a photo or take a picture from your phone's gallery. At the same time, we will obtain your storage permission to select photos or take photos from the gallery.  (10) QR code scanning: When you need to use the charging bar to charge, you need to scan the QR code and then charge, at this time, you need to authorize the camera-related functions of the App, including App photo, video and flash functions. Some models of vehicle activation and TSP login also need to scan the QR code on the car to complete the corresponding authorization.  (11) When you post and interact within the Beijing Auto App or chat with car friends within the App, we need to collect and record your avatar and nickname, which requires your storage permission and voice permission.  (12) Message push: When you need to receive push messages from Beijing Auto App to you, we will collect your device reading permission.  (13) 400 customer service: When you need to call 400 customer service number directly through Beijing Auto App, we will collect your permission to make the call.  (14) The above additional features may require you to enable access to your geolocation (location information), camera (camera), photo album (photo gallery) in your device to us for the collection and use of information involved in these features. You can check the status of your above mentioned permissions in your device through "Settings" (e.g. "Settings - Privacy" in iOS and "Settings - Application Permissions" in Android) item by item. You can decide to turn these permissions on or off at any time. Please note that by turning on these permissions, you are authorizing us to collect and use your personal information to perform the functions described above, and by turning off these permissions, you are revoking your authorization, and we will no longer collect and use your personal information, nor will we be able to provide you with the functions corresponding to these permissions. Your decision to turn off your permissions will not affect the processing of personal information previously based on your authorization.  (17) In order to achieve some functions, we have integrated the following third-party developer kits within the client to improve client functions: Product name: Gaode Map SDK Personal information involved: device identifier (Android ID, OAID, IMEI, MEID, IMSI, Serial), MAC address, IP address The purpose of use: to help users use the map to view the location of dealers/service stations or vehicles Usage scenarios: used by users when using location-related functions Cooperating party subject: Gaode Software Limited Collection method: SDK collection Cooperating party official website link: https://lbs.amap.com/ Cooperating party privacy policy: https ://lbs.amap.com/pages/privacy/ Product name: Personal Push Message Push SDK Personal information involved: device identifiers (such as IMEI, Android ID, MEID, Serial, OAID), WLAN access points Purpose of use: push messages Scenario: provide message push technology services for App users Partner Subject: Daily Interactive Co. Collection Method: SDK collection Partner Official Website Link: https://www.getui.com/ Partner Privacy Policy: https://docs.getui.com/privacy Product Name: Boreal Monitoring Purpose of Use: Collecting APP usage behavior Data Type: Device identification information, application information, network information Ltd. Privacy Policy/Website Link: https://www.bonree.com/bonree/aboutUs.html#introduction Product Name: Telematics SDK Purpose of Use: To provide 4G network-based remote control of vehicles Product Name: Bluetooth Key SDK Purpose: To provide vehicle control function based on Bluetooth channel Product Name: Intelligent Customer Service SDK Purpose: To provide customer service robot automatic answer and transfer service Company: Beijing New Energy Vehicle Marketing Ltd. Product name: Tencent IM Personal information involved: network connection status, device model, system version number Cooperating party subject: Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Limited Liability Company Collection method: SDK collection Cooperating party official website link: https://cloud.tencent.com/ Cooperating party privacy policy: https://cloud. Tencent.com/document/product/269/58094 Product name: Tencent Cloud Vision Cube - Live Streaming SDK (basic version) Personal information involved: Wi-Fi status, system attributes, device model, operating system, IP address, camera, recording, sensor information Cooperating party subject: Tencent Cloud Computing (Beijing) Co. Method: SDK collection Partner's official website link: https://cloud.tencent.com/product/mlvb Partner's privacy policy: https://cloud.tencent.com/document/product/454/71926 Product name: Alipay SDK Involving Personal information: IMEI, IMSI, Android ID, MAC address, hardware serial number, ICCID, SSID, BSSID, sensor information, network type, operator information, WIFI status, system settings, system attributes, device brand, device model, operating system, IP address Purpose of use: for payment of goods in the system Usage scenario: for Obtain order information and use it when realizing the payment function when purchasing goods Cooperating party subject: Alipay (China) Network Technology Co. Collection method: SDK collection Cooperating party official website link: https://open.alipay.com/ Cooperating party privacy policy: https://opendocs.alipay.com/common/ 02kiq3 Product name: Mob shareSDK Personal information involved: IMEI, OAID, IMSI, SIM card serial number, Android ID, Serial Number Purpose of use: post and other content sharing Usage scenario: to obtain the content posted by users in the application, to achieve social media sharing Cooperating party subject: MobTech袤博科技 Collection method: SDK collection Partner's official website link: https://www.mob.com/ Partner's privacy policy: https://www.mob.com/about/policy Product name: Tencent bugly Personal information involved: phone model, phone brand, Android system version, Android system api level, vendor system version, cpu architecture type, whether the device is rooted, disk space occupied size, sdcard space occupied size, memory space occupied size, network type Purpose of use: Application crash problem collection and reporting Scenario: Obtain basic information about the application when it crashes, and realize the reporting of problems that cause crashes Subject of partner: Shenzhen Tencent Computer System Co. Ltd. Collection method: SDK collection Partner's official website link: https://bugly.qq.com/ Partner's privacy policy: https://privacy.qq.com/document/preview/fc748b3d96224fdb825ea79e132c1a56 Product name: Tencent tbs Personal information involved: device information (device model, operating system, CPU type), Wi-Fi status and parameters, location information, nearby Wi-Fi, CellD Purpose of use: in-app browser kernel Usage scenario: in-app browsing of H5 pages Cooperating party subject: Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Co: https://x5.tencent.com/ Partner Privacy Policy: https://x5.tencent.com/docs/privacy.html Product name: AliCloud SDK Personal information involved: (1) Basic device information: device manufacturer, device brand, device model, device name, device operating system information, device configuration information, device environment information, (2) Device network information: network operator information, network type, network status; (3) Device application information: SDK host APP information (including: application name, application version). Purpose of use: log analysis service Usage scenario: used for some models of car control log upload Partner subject: Ali Cloud Computing Co. agreement/terms/suit_bu1_ali_cloud/suit_bu1_ali_cloud202112131013_69952.html?spm=a2c4g.11186623.0.0.2aa83e06pu5Sqs 1.4 Personal data matching  Based on your consent and confirmation, we may use your registered account information and the personal information you have volunteered to match all information you have provided to the dealership and/or our affiliates through your own initiative, including but not limited to:  (1) Your name, ID number, address, telephone number, cell phone number, vehicle identification number (i.e. (2) your vehicle's location and driving information, vehicle charging information, vehicle remaining charge and remaining range information, and vehicle diagnostic and accident data;  (3) your vehicle repair and maintenance information;  ( (4) Any other information relating to you and your vehicle.  