Privacy Policy | OBD Auto Doctor OBD Auto Doctor 
 
 Open menu Features 
 Pricing Download 
 
 Close menu Features 
 Pricing 
 Help Center 
 Contact Download Privacy Policy Principles Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy describes our commitment to preserving the security of your personal data, your privacy, and your rights to your personal data. We use your data solely to provide you with the services you enroll in. Our business is providing OBD Auto Doctor products and services to you, the customer. We have no desire or interest to use or transfer the limited data we acquire for any other purposes. We collect only the minimal amount of personal data required for legitimate business purposes. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We will also let you know why we collect it and how it will be used. Keep in mind that our website or mobile applications may link to external sites not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites’ content and practices and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies. You should take the time to read and review this policy carefully. You need to indicate that you have read this policy in full and agree to the processing of your personal data as we have described here. If you don’t understand this policy or have any questions about anything we have described here, please reach out to us for help. Information do we collect from you OBD Auto Doctor collects information about you when you visit, use and interact with OBD Auto Doctor. Registration When you register to use OBD Auto Doctor, we will ask you for your email address and password of your choosing. Your password will be maintained on our system in a secured form. You may also register through your Apple or Google account. If you choose this method, we receive and collect your email address and your Apple or Google identification number accordingly. We use the collected personal data that we obtain at registration for the sole and exclusive purpose of providing our services to you and allowing you to use our service. Using the services When you use our services, we may collect personal data from you. We collect information about the use of your account, such as how often you log in and other information related to your registration and use of our services. We use this information internally to deliver the best possible services to you. Using the mobile applications, you may need to grant the application access to your location to use Bluetooth Low Energy. In this case, the application will not acquire or use your actual location in any way. However, permission is needed to access Bluetooth Low Energy and communicate with the BLE adapters. Android is designed to work this way. Monitoring the GPS speed the location access is required. In this case, your actual location is not used in any way, but only the speed information is accessed. When you use our services, we collect certain log information. This information usually includes the browser type or app version you used, your Internet Protocol address, and the date and time of day. As a basic matter, we need this information to help us provide our services to you. In addition, we log this information for internal business purposes. The log information is also vital for security, audit, and quality improvement purposes. We also use third-party analytics packages for our website. Communicating with us We may use your contact information to communicate with you about service activity, provide support, and send you other information such as product updates and announcements. These communications specifically won’t be marketing communications but will instead be informational items. You won’t be able to opt-out of these important messages. You may also be asked questions about our services. We collect this information to help you with anything you need and continue improving our service. Cookies Cookies are small text files placed on your browser by websites you visit. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies contain information to help the website operate and provide you with the service. We do not engage in or support cross-service tracking. The only cookies we use are essential ones. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. We do not use analytics or marketing cookies on our domain. Disabling cookies in your browser would lead to improper performance of the website. Name Provider Purpose paddlejs_campaign_referrer Paddle.com Used by our online reseller & Merchant of Record, Paddle.com, for the checkout process. You can read more about how Paddle processes personal data within their  privacy policy Storing and protecting your information We understand and accept our responsibility to protect your data. What data we store, we will protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. All service data is held on servers located within the European Union. Access to the data is restricted to members of our staff residing in the EU. We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service or until you stop using our services and request the deletion of your data. We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third parties, except when required by law. Although we take the protection and storage of your personal data very seriously, and we take all reasonable steps to protect it, we cannot be responsible for data breaches that occur outside of our reasonable control. We will, however, follow all applicable laws in the event a data breach occurs, including taking reasonable measures to mitigate any harm as well as notifying you of such breaches as soon as possible. Your rights You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services. You have the right to know what we know about you and obtain your information. If you would like to delete your account and all your information, you can do it via the applications. Data availability requirements mean that we have a legitimate interest in maintaining secure and immutable backups. Erasure requests will leave those backups untouched. After deleting your account, we keep your information in the backups for 30 days. You have the right to submit a complaint about the way in which your personal data is handled. Please contact us by using the contact details included in this privacy policy. You may also contact your local data protection authority. Modifications We reserve the right to modify, revise or otherwise amend this privacy policy at any time and in any manner. You should check here frequently if you need to know of updates to our privacy policy. Contact us OBD Auto Doctor is operated by Creosys Ltd. Creosys is a Finnish company located at PL 15, 37801 Akaa, Finland. If you have any questions about this policy, you can reach us by email at support@obdautodoctor.com or write us mail. Last updated: January 27, 2022. Ready? 
 Subscribe and get started now! Subscribe Footer Car diagnostics for everyone - our goal is to help you get to know your car better. Facebook 
 Twitter Product Features Pricing Download Support Help Center Car Diagnostic Tutorials Compatible adapters Company About Contact Blog Copyright © 2010-2023 Creosys Ltd. All rights reserved. Sitemap  |  Privacy  |  Terms ▲ 