AutolinkPro Privacy Policy
last updated: August 22, 2022.
This Policy applies to your use of the AutolinkPro services of Sunplus Technology (Chengdu) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we", "us", "Sunplus Technology"), and we will collect, store, use, share, disclose and protect your personal information in accordance with this Policy. Please carefully read and understand this AutolinkPro Privacy Policy before using our products (or services), including your downloading, installing, opening, browsing, and using (hereinafter collectively referred to as "use"), and use the relevant products and services only after confirming that you fully understand and agree to them.
This Policy will help you understand the following:
1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information
3. How we protect your personal information
4. How we use cookies and similar technologies
5.
6. How to update
this Policy7. How to contact us1

. How we collect and use your personal information
"Content and Scope of Personal Information" Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. The "content and scope of personal information" referred to in this Policy refers to all kinds of information related to identified or identifiable natural persons recorded electronically or by other means, including names, ID numbers, communication records, text messages, mailing addresses, addresses, account information, whereabouts, etc., excluding anonymized information.
(1) How we collect your personal informationAutolinkPro
will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes described in this Policy:
When you use this software or a specific function, in order to ensure your normal use, we will collect your client device information, including MAC address, ANDROIID_ID, DEVICE_ID, device model, resolution, system version;
In order to prevent malicious program attacks and ensure service security, we will collect information about the applications installed or running processes on client devices, and the overall installation usage.
In order to improve the robustness and stability of the application, we will collect log information in AutolinkPro; The above information is the basic information that must be collected in order to provide you with services.
In order to provide accurate push services, after you complete the installation of the AutolinkPro APP, you can choose whether to allow us to obtain your GPS location information through the pop-up window. Refusal to provide location information will only make you unable to enjoy the aforementioned location-based services, and will not affect your normal use of other functions of this product.
The above information will not be collected until you have read and agreed to the Privacy Policy; After you agree to the privacy policy, the relevant information will only be collected during your use of the APP, and no collection will be carried out in the background after you end your use.
(2) How we use your personal information1.We
will use your information for the following purposes:
1.1 To provide you with services related to the use of the AutolinkPro APP, and to maintain, improve and optimize these services and experiences;
1.2 In order to prevent, detect and investigate fraud, infringement, endangering security, illegal or violating our agreements, policies or rules, and protect the legitimate rights and interests of you, other users or the public, and our legitimate rights and interests, we may use or integrate your user information, service usage information, device information, log information, and information shared by us with your authorization or in accordance with the law to comprehensively detect and prevent security incidents, and take necessary recording, auditing, analysis, and disposal measures in accordance with the law;
1.3 Other purposes to contact you to solve problems or obtain your consent2. Other purposes
to comply with relevant requirements of laws and regulations, departmental rules and government directives;
II. How We Share, Transfer, Disclose and Disclose Your Personal InformationUnless
you have obtained your prior authorization and consent, we will not share, transfer or publicly disclose your personal information to a third party, except where the processing cannot identify a specific individual and cannot be recovered.
In the following circumstances, your prior authorization and consent are not required for sharing, transferring, or publicly disclosing your personal information:
1. It is related to national security and national defense security;
2. Related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;
3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;
4. For the purpose of protecting the life, property and other major legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the person;
5. Personal information that you disclose to the public;
6. Personal information is collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as lawful news reports, government information disclosure, and other channels;
7. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.
8. If we share or transfer de-identified personal information in accordance with laws and regulations in
order to fulfill our obligations under the law, and ensure that the data recipient cannot recover and re-identify the personal information subject, it is not an external sharing, transfer and public disclosure of personal information, and the storage and processing of such data will not need to be notified to you and your consent will be obtained.
III. How We Protect Your Personal InformationDuring
the use of our products and services, we will continue to store your personal information for you, and your personal information will be stored within the territory of the People's Republic of China.
We will only retain your personal information for the period necessary for the purposes described in this Policy and the time limit required by laws, regulations and regulatory provisions.
We will retain your personal information for the period stipulated in the Cybersecurity Law and other relevant laws and regulations. After the statutory retention period has expired, we will delete or anonymize your personal information.
If you cancel your account or voluntarily delete the above information, we will store your information in accordance with the Cybersecurity Law and other laws and regulations. After you cancel your account or actively delete the above information, we will no longer use your personal information commercially, but we may use your personal information after anonymization.
We will take the following measures to ensure information security:
(1) We have used security measures that comply with industry standards to protect the personal information you provide from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. We will take all reasonable and practicable measures to protect your personal information.
(2) Our data security capabilities:
We have always been committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, modification, damage or loss, and other forms of unlawful processing by taking various security measures, such as encryption, employee training, etc.
(iii) we have a business continuity plan in place to ensure that we can provide services continuously; Our information security policies and procedures are designed in strict accordance with international standards and are regularly reviewed and updated to effectively protect your personal information. In the event of a personal information leakage, we will activate the emergency plan, take effective measures to prevent the situation from escalating, and notify the relevant regulatory authorities and you in a timely manner.
(4) We will take all reasonable and practicable measures to ensure that irrelevant personal information is not collected. We will only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this Policy, unless it is necessary to extend the retention period or permitted by law.
(5) The Internet environment is not 100% secure, and we will do our best to ensure or guarantee the security of any information you send to us. If our physical, technical, or management protection facilities are damaged, resulting in unauthorized access, public disclosure, tampering, or destruction of information, resulting in damage to your legitimate rights and interests, we will bear corresponding legal responsibilities.
Despite the above-mentioned reasonable and effective measures have been taken and the standards required by the relevant laws and regulations have been complied with, even if every effort is made to strengthen security measures, it is not always possible to guarantee 100% security of information due to technical limitations and possible malicious means. Your use of the systems and communication networks used to install our services may cause problems due to factors beyond our control. Therefore, you should take active measures to protect the security of your personal information, such as uninstalling the AutolinkPro App in a timely manner.
In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you. We will inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident in the form of announcements or notices in a timely manner.
At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities, and we will also take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.
4. How we use cookies and similar technologiesThe
products or services we provide do not use cookies and similar technologies.
V. Your rightsIn
accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, as well as the common practices of other countries and regions, we ensure that you exercise the following rights to your personal information:
(1) Access to your personal informationYou
have the right to access your personal information, except for exceptions stipulated by laws and regulations.
(2) Deletion of your personal informationYou
may request us to delete your personal information under the following circumstances:
1. If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations;
2. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent;
3. If our processing of personal information violates the agreement
with you, 4. If we no longer provide you with products or services.
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entity that obtained your personal information from us and request it to delete it in a timely manner, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, or these entities have obtained your independent authorization.
When you delete information from our Services, we may not immediately delete or anonymize the corresponding information in our backup systems.
(3) Withdraw or change the scope of
your authorization and consent: You may give or withdraw your authorization and consent at any time. Once you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the processing of personal information previously carried out based on your authorization.
(4) In response to your above requests
, you may be required to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity in order to ensure security. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will respond within fifteen working days.
We may reject requests that are unreasonably repetitive, require excessive technical means (e.g., need to develop new systems or fundamentally change current practices), pose a risk to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are highly impractical (e.g., involving information stored on backup tapes).
In the following circumstances, we will not be able to respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations:
1. It is directly related to national security and national defense security;
2. Directly related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;
3. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and judgment enforcement;
4. There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
5. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals or organizations;
6. Involving trade secrets.
6. How this Policy is UpdatedOur
Privacy Policy may change.
Without your express consent, we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy.
We will post any changes to this policy on this page.
If you have any objection to the revised Privacy Policy, you should stop using our relevant services in a timely manner. If you agree to the revised policy or continue to use our services, it means that you have fully read, understood, and agreed to our policy.
7. How to Contact UsIf
you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us in the following ways: Email
: support@sunmedia.com.cn.
Tel: 028-87848688
After we receive your question, we will deal with your feedback after verifying your identity and reply to you in a timely manner.
If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you can also seek solutions through the following external channels:
China: Office of the Cyber Security and Information Commission of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, Cyberspace Administration of the
People's Republic of China http://www.cac.gov.cn/
You can contact the local government for the contact information of the personal information regulator in other regions.




