Privacy Policy 
 JAC App Privacy Statement JAC App is a client mobile software developed by Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as "JAC" or "we"), and we respect and are committed to protecting the privacy of all users of the service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, the application will collect and use your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Application will not disclose this information to the public or provide it to third parties without your prior permission. The Application may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. By agreeing to the Service Use Agreement, you are deemed to have agreed to the entire contents of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of the JACU Service Use Agreement. Please read this policy carefully and understand it thoroughly before using our services. By using or continuing to use our services, you fully understand and agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of information about you in accordance with this agreement. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can contact us through the contact information in this agreement or the feedback function inside JAC App. This privacy policy section will help you understand the following contents, among which, we have bolded the important terms about your personal information rights, please pay special attention to: 1. How to collect personal information Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person alone or in combination with other information. We collect information that you provide when you use our services and through automated means in the process of receiving services or using features in the following ways: (a) Registered Account: You can use some features of the JACU App without a registered account or without providing your name and contact information, but some services require your registration to use. You need to create an account with your cell phone number and password, and this information is collected to help you complete the registration. You can also choose to improve your avatar, nickname, gender and birthday information according to your needs. (b) Authentication as a car owner: When you use car owner-related services, according to laws and regulations, you need to provide your real identity information (ID number, vehicle VIN code) to complete real name verification. This information is personal sensitive information, but if you do not provide this information, it will not affect your use of the basic functions and services of the APP. (c) Order submission: When you submit an order to the mall in the APP, you need to provide (name, cell phone number, dealer information, delivery address. This is used to help you complete the transaction smoothly, to protect your transaction security, to check the order information, to provide customer service and after-sales service and other purposes that we clearly informed. (d) Posting: When you make a posting in the forum board, you are required to provide 3 rights and interests of reading external memory, writing external memory and taking photos for better completion of content posting. When you post, comment, topic, we will collect and display the information you posted, and display your nickname, avatar, posting content. When you use the function of uploading pictures and posting videos, we will ask you to authorize camera and album permissions. (e) Appointment service: When you use the appointment service or emergency assistance, you need to provide your vehicle information, cell phone number, positioning information, which can be used to better complete the appointment service, emergency assistance, view work order records and other functions to you. (f) Contact: When you use the contact function, you need to provide the address book, which can be used to add new contacts quickly and easily. (g) Device and log information: In order to ensure the safe operation of software products and services, and to provide you with a safe and reliable product and usage environment, we will collect your device or software information, the version used by your mobile device, hardware model, device brand, device model, screen resolution, MAC address, network type, unique device identifier (such as IMEI/android ID/ IDFA/factory serial number, get IMEI some phones will be prompted to apply for permission to read the call status) SIM card IMSI information, operating system version number, network operator information, IP address, operation, use log. 2. Use of Information (a) The Application will not provide, sell, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless prior permission is obtained from you, or such third party and the Application (including the Application's affiliates) provide services to you individually or jointly, and after the end of such services, it will be prohibited from accessing all such information including those to which it previously had access. (b) The Application also does not permit any third party to collect, compile, sell or distribute your personal information by any means without compensation. If any user of the Application platform engages in any of the above activities, the Application reserves the right to terminate the service agreement with that user immediately upon discovery. The Application will disclose your personal information in whole or in part in accordance with your personal wishes or the law in the following cases: (a) disclosure to third parties with your prior consent; (b) sharing your personal information with third parties as necessary to provide the products and services you have requested; (c) disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial bodies in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies; (d) disclosure to third parties or administrative or judicial bodies in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law or the requirements of administrative or judicial bodies (d) If you have violated the relevant laws and regulations of China or the service agreement or relevant rules of the Application, you need to disclose to the third party; (e) If you are an eligible complainant of intellectual property rights and have filed a complaint, at the request of the respondent, disclose to the respondent so that both parties can deal with possible disputes over rights; (f) Other disclosures that the Application considers appropriate according to laws, regulations or website policies. (f) Other disclosures that this application deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies. 4. The information and materials collected by the Application about you will be stored on the servers of the Application and/or its affiliates and may be transferred to, accessed, stored and displayed outside your country or region or outside the country where the Application collected the information and materials. (a) If you accept the use of privacy information by the Application, the Application will obtain the appropriate device information: ① Access to location information on your cell phone for users to locate you and your vehicle and to obtain service from nearby service stations; ② Access to cell phone types and photo albums for you to post photo albums, upload vehicle faults and usage problems; ③ Access to Bluetooth functionality to interconnect with the vehicle to provide a rich human-computer interaction experience; ④ Access to cell phone types and photo albums for you to post photo albums, upload vehicle faults and usage problems; ④ Access to Bluetooth functionality to interconnect with the vehicle to provide a rich human-computer interaction experience ③ Use the Bluetooth function to interconnect with the car to provide a rich human-computer interaction experience; ④ Use the language and access time to provide more thoughtful and accurate personalized services, including promotional services. ⑤ In order to more accurately deliver inquiries and messages of interest to you, our servers will collect information about the user's mobile communication device, such as model number, device ID, Internet Protocol address, time and location of your visit, routing packets, message sender and receipt data (but not the message itself), and other similar characteristic records. We will use cookies and similar uniform resource locator (URL) navigation data to collect information such as the time and date of your visit, searches and views. (b) You have the right to opt-in or opt-out. You may refuse to accept by means of your phone privacy settings. However, if you choose to reject privacy information such as location, you may not be able to use services or features of the Application that rely on location, time and other information. (c) This policy will apply to information obtained through the privacy settings set by the application. In order to ensure the implementation of the relevant functions of the app and the safe and stable operation of the app, we may access the SDK provided by the third party, and the specific access to the relevant third-party SDK is listed below: (a) Statistical analysis collection ① Name of SDK used: AU SDK ② Type of service: statistical analysis ③ Type of personal information collected: device information (IMEI/MAC/ Android ID/IDFA/OpenUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI/geographic location, etc.) ④ Privacy policy link: https://www.umeng.com/page/policy (b) Location service ① Use SDK name: Gaode Map Location SDK ② Service type: Location service ③ Collect personal information type: device information, location information, WSI, etc. ③ Type of personal information collected: device information, location information, WLAN and other sensor information ④ Privacy policy (c) Problem collection and reporting service ① Name of SDK used: Tencent Bugly SDK ② Type of service: problem reporting service ③ Type of personal information collected: device information ④ User agreement (d) Push notification service ① Name of SDK used: Aurora Push SDK ② Type of service: push notification service ③ Type of personal information collected: device information, location information, WLAN and other sensor information Personal information type: personal information (device information, network information, location information) ④ Privacy policy (e) WeChat payment service ① Use SDK name: WeChat SDK ② Service type: payment service ③ Collect personal information type: personal information (device information, network information, location information) ④ WeChat payment service agreement (f) Push notification service ① Use SDK name: Huawei HMS SDK ② Service type: Push notification service ③ Type of personal information collected: personal information (device information, network information, location information) ④ Privacy policy 7. Information security (a) The application account has security protection function, please keep your user name and password information properly. The application will ensure that your information will not be lost, misused or altered through security measures such as encryption of your password. Notwithstanding the aforementioned security measures, please note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network. (b) When you use the application network service to conduct online transactions, you will inevitably have to provide information to the counterparty or potential counterparty. (a) Right to cancel: You can cancel your previously registered JACU account through the App - My - Settings - Click "Account Cancellation" or directly call 4008-009933. You can cancel your previously registered JAC account by clicking "Account Cancellation" in the "My App" section or by calling 4008-009933, unless otherwise provided by law. You can contact us for more details by following the methods listed in the "Contact Us" section below. Updates to our Privacy Policy (a) If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes in this policy and where we deem appropriate so that you are aware of how we collect and use your personal information, who has access to that information, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. (b) We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time, so please check it frequently. If we make any significant changes to this policy, we will notify you by means of an announcement notice. Please protect your personal information properly and provide it to others only when necessary. If you discover that your personal information has been compromised, especially your user name and password, please contact customer service immediately so that the application can take appropriate measures. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or if your personal information has been compromised while using the services we provide, you can contact us at any time by the following methods. We have set up a dedicated department for personal information protection and will respond to you as soon as possible. In general, we will reply within fifteen days (national holidays are postponed). Company Name: Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Group Company Limited Customer Service Hotline: 4008-009933 Registered Address: No. 176 Dongliu Road, Hefei, Anhui Province, China Common Office Address: No. 176 Dongliu Road, Hefei, Anhui Province, China Information Protection Officer Tel: 18119677062 
 
 