Terms

Your trust is very important to us, we are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and we will take corresponding security protection measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations to try our best to protect your personal information safe and controllable. In view of this, Changan Mazda has formulated the "Changan Mazda Customer Privacy Policy" and reminds you
that
this policy applies to all Changan Mazda owners, users or fans. Before becoming a Changan Mazda owner, user or fan, please be sure to read and thoroughly understand this Policy, and when you tick "Read and agree to the Changan Mazda Customer Privacy Policy", it means that you have fully understood and agreed to this Policy. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this Policy, you can contact us through the various contact information provided by Changan Mazda. If our affiliates (see the Definitions section for details) do not have a separate privacy policy in the course of providing products or services, this Policy will also apply to that part of the process.

Part 1 Definition

of personal information: refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. The personal information that may be involved in this Privacy Policy includes: name, telephone number, mobile phone number, WeChat ID, QQ number, address, ID number, ID number, vehicle information (vehicle status information, vehicle identification number (VIN), chassis number, license plate number, brand, car series, model, engine number, vehicle purchase invoice, driving license).

Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that may endanger personal and property safety once disclosed, illegally provided or abused, and can easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health or discriminatory treatment, etc., and the personal sensitive information that may be involved in this Privacy Policy includes: personal employment certificate information, personal social security information or personal salary flow or provident fund information issued by a third party, second-hand car related information (driving license before transfer, registration certificate after transfer). , old car transaction invoice, scrap & recycling certificate), relationship certificate (marriage certificate, household registration booklet, etc.), total loss agreement signed between the customer and the corresponding insurance company and total loss certificate, certified car purchase customer and old car in the store, installment car loan information (financial institution, down payment amount, loan amount, number of installment periods), customer industry/occupation type, education level, marital status, children's situation, personal location information, and other information.



Affiliates: means any company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with us, now or in the future. "Control" means the ability to directly or indirectly influence the management of the company in question, whether through ownership, voting shares, contracts or other means recognized by the people's courts.

Part 2 Privacy Policy Content

This Policy will help you understand the following:

1. How we collect and use your personal information

2. How we share, transfer, Public disclosure of your personal information3

, how we protect your personal information4

, your rights5

, how this policy is updated6

, how to contact us

1. How we collect and use your personal informationWhen

you receive services or products from Changan Mazda dealers or manufacturers, we need to collect and use your personal information.

We will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:

- After you authorize you to log in, the Mini Program/APP developer will collect your WeChat nickname, profile picture, and mobile phone number in order to provide you with the basic functions of the Mini Program/APP.

- When you need to edit your profile picture, send a picture message, scan, you need to authorize the mobile phone camera function, photo album function, in order to change your personal information for you.

- When you visit our platform (for example, when you contact us through our website or email to ask questions, make comments or participate in online surveys), you are required to provide relevant information for subsequent verification and contact;

- When you need to provide necessary contact information in order to obtain our offline services (e.g., apply for a test drive online);

- When you want to apply for creating a car club, joining a car club, applying for moderators and event registration, you need to provide necessary information (including but not limited to name, mobile phone number, WeChat ID, QQ number and ID card number according to different scenarios) for follow-up management, contact or identity verification;

- When you provide information to an independent authorized dealer, the information will be collected and used to provide you with the corresponding service (for example, when you search for a dealer, make an appointment for maintenance, select a dealer you want to receive a coupon from, take a test drive, purchase our car products or carry out vehicle repairs);

- When you redeem points for goods in the mall, you need to provide the necessary information (name, mobile phone number, address) in order to deliver or distribute it to you.

- Our products are integrated with Umeng + SDK, which needs to collect your device Mac address, obtain device serial numbers (IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/IP address/GUID, SIM card IMSI information) to provide statistical analysis services, and calibrate the accuracy of report data through geographical location to provide basic anti-cheating capabilities.

-Our products are integrated with the Aurora Push SDK, and the service type is: Message Push Service

SDK Type of
personal information
collected: •Device information (IMEI/MAC/Android ID/IDFA/OAID/OpenUDID/GUID/SIM card IMSI information, etc.): used to identify unique users and ensure the accurate delivery of message push; Optimize the push channel resources, we will integrate the channel resources of message push according to the activity of different apps on the device, so as to improve the message delivery rate for developers; Provide developers with smart tags and display business statistics services;

•Network information and location information (IP address, WiFi information, base station information, etc.): It is used to optimize the network connection request between the SDK and the Aurora server, ensure the stability and continuity of the service, and realize the function of regional push.

•APP installation list information: In order to provide you with the intelligent push function, we can recommend push content that better meets the needs of your users through this information, and reduce the disturbance of useless push messages, you can choose to turn on or off this service.

- Our product integrates the information fields of the user required by the Tingyun performance testing SDK: device identification

• System permissions required for network information: phone permissions

• Subjects who obtain information through the SDK: Changan Mazda

•Purpose of use: APP performance monitoring, obtaining device information, capturing abnormal information when the app crashes, recording the user's operation track and context information before the collapse occurs, and used to locate and detect the cause of

the problem - before the user clicks the "agree" of the privacy policy agreement, the APP or SDK will not call the system API interface to obtain the user's personal information and device information.

- When the APP is running in the foreground or background, the frequency of the APP or SDK's collection of users' personal information shall not exceed the scope of compliance, and ensure that the global request is no more than 3 times, and the collection frequency shall not exceed 1 time per second.


Application self-startWhen

you use the APP's functions and services such as scheduled maintenance, posting, liking, commenting, and product purchase, in order to ensure that the follow-up service reminds you in time, we need to use the self-start service, so that the appeal function can be notified to you in time, if you want to turn off the self-start function, it may cause the appeal function to not be used normally, you can turn off the self-start function in Settings - Application - Autostart Management.



You are fully aware that we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to collect and use personal information under the following circumstances:

AutoNavi Map and Baidu Maps SDK
collection permissions: Request to use location permissions, mobile phone status, SD card information, identity information, and programs
running in the background of mobile phonesApplication scenarios: When using maps, positioning, and participating in activities related to car clubs, the SDK requests permissions. To locate your location
information so that you can complete the feature of participating in the event. When you use map positioning related functions, in order to provide services, track, troubleshoot, diagnose, and count various problems in the service, and ensure the normal operation of products and
services, Baidu Maps SDK will obtain the Tencent Browsing Service SDK, a program
running in the background of your mobile phone, and
collect permissions: mobile phone model, mobile phone status, SD card informationApplication
scenario: When using the contact customer service function, SDK request permission for customer service function accuracy, effectiveness,
in order to facilitate users to search and share the copied content, we need to access the clipboard, sd card content information to read the links and content contained therein, so as to ensure the realization

of search, sharing and other functions com.daimajia.swipe, com.desay.cmaSDK:
Collection permissions: The buried information of the vehicle control needs to be read from the IMEI, version number, system package name and other information to analyze user activity.
Application scenario: Use the vehicle control function to wake up the car machine, which is used to locate your location information
so that you can remotely control the vehicle, and the application exception log capture and storage needs to read the application package name, version number and other information, and the global collection is only collected no more than 3 times per minute, and the collection frequency should not exceed 1 time per second. com.daimajia.swipe, com.desay.cmaSDK will obtain the programs

running in the background of your mobile phone1, related to national security and national defense security;

2. Related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;

3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;

4. For the purpose of protecting the life, property, or other major lawful rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;

5. The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject himself/herself;

6. Your personal information collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;

7. Necessary for signing and performing the contract;

8. Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of faults of products and/or services;

9. Carrying out news reporting, public opinion supervision and other acts for the public interest, and processing personal information within a reasonable scope;

10. It is necessary for the performance of statutory duties or obligations;

11. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

II. How We Share, Transfer, and Disclose Your Personal Information

(1) Information Sharing:

1. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual outside of this Privacy Policy, except in the following circumstances:

(1) obtaining your explicit consent or authorization in advance;

(2) When it is necessary to provide information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the requirements of legal procedures, or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to protect the public interest, property or safety from damage;

(4) Only by sharing your information can we perform the core functions of our products and/or services or provide the services you need;

(5) To deal with your disputes or controversies with others at your request;

(6) Comply with the relevant agreements signed with you (including the electronic agreements signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(7) Where it is necessary to respond to public health emergencies or to protect the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in an emergency;

(8) Use based on the public interest in accordance with laws and regulations.

2. We may share your personal information with our affiliates. However, we will only share personal information that is necessary and is subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will ask for your authorization and consent again.

(2) TransferWe

will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual other than this Privacy Policy, except in the following circumstances:

1. Information that has been obtained with your explicit consent and authorization in advance and within the scope of information sharing;

2. Provision in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the requirements of legal procedures, and mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

3. Comply with the relevant agreements signed with you (including the electronic agreements signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

4. In the event of a merger, acquisition, asset transfer or similar transaction, if the transfer of personal information is involved, we will require the new company or organization that holds your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy, otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization and consent again.

(3) DisclosureWe

will only disclose your personal information under the following circumstances and on the premise that security protection measures that comply with industry standards are taken:

1. Disclose the personal information specified by you in the disclosure method you have expressly agreed to according to your needs;

2. If it is necessary to provide your personal information in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements, we may disclose your personal information according to the type of personal information required and the method of disclosure. Subject to laws and regulations, when we receive a request for disclosure of information described above, we will require that we must issue corresponding legal documents, such as subpoenas or investigation letters. We strongly believe that the information requested from us should be as transparent as possible to the extent permitted by law. All requests are carefully reviewed to ensure that they have a lawful basis and are limited to data that law enforcement has a legitimate right to obtain for the purposes of a particular investigation. To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, the documents we disclose are protected by encryption keys.

III. How We Protect Your Personal Information1

. Data Security Technical MeasuresWe

will adopt security protection measures that comply with industry standards, including the establishment of reasonable systems and norms and security technologies to prevent your personal information from being used and modified without authorization. Avoid loss or loss of data.

2. Security Capability



We store your data in Changan Mazda's computer room and other secure locations in China.

Strengthen security awareness. We also regularly hold security and privacy training courses to raise employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.

3. Handling of Security
IncidentsIn
order to deal with possible risks such as leakage, damage and loss of personal information, we have formulated a number of systems to clarify the classification and grading standards of security incidents and security vulnerabilitiesand the corresponding processing process. We have also established a special emergency response team for security incidents, and in accordance with the requirements of the security incident handling specifications, we will start security plans for different security incidents, conduct stop loss, analysis, positioning, formulate remedial measures, and cooperate with relevant departments to trace the source and crack down.

In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc., and if it is difficult to inform the Personal Data Subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to make an announcement. At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.

4. Information retention periodWhen

you become a Changan Mazda owner, user or fan, we will continue to properly store your personal information.



5. When allowing the service provider to use personal information based on the provisions of the preceding paragraph, we shall strive to prevent the loss, destruction, falsification, and omission of personal information by the service provider, and require the service provider to comply with laws, regulations, and other policies related to the protection of personal information.

4. Your rightsIn

accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and standards of China, as well as the common practices of other countries and regions, we protect you to exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information:

1. If you wish to withdraw/cancel your personal information, you can contact our customer service team by phone or online customer service. Our customer service team may need to verify your identity and respond or process you after verifying your identity;

2. When we are required to provide the user's personal information in accordance with the law, if we judge that the request is legal and reasonable, we can provide the user's personal information (for example, in the event of a major event that affects the normal operation of Changan Mazda, infringes on the user's rights or involves the interests of the general public, and it is necessary to disclose the personal information of the relevant user, Changan Mazda has the right to disclose it).

5. How to update

this PolicyWith the expansion or change of our services or products, or as required by law, we may need to update the Changan Mazda Customer Privacy Policy from time to time.

6. How to contact usCompany

name: Changan Mazda Automobile Co., Ltd

. Company address: No. 66,
Suyuan Avenue, Jiangning Technology Development Zone, Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
Company official website: www.changan-mazda.com.cn

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy or related matters of your personal information, please contact us by calling our customer service hotline 8008072777, 4008002777, or contact us through the online customer service of Changan Mazda Mini Program/APP.

□ I have read and accept the Customer Privacy Policy;
□ I agree to submit the sensitive personal information
mentioned in the Customer Privacy Policy□ in order to coordinate with dealers and affiliates to properly complete after-sales service, I agree that the company will provide personal information in accordance with the Customer Privacy Policy.


