Updated and Effective Date: September 11, 2023

Zhejiang Leapmotor Technology Co., Ltd. (registered address: 1st Floor, 451 Internet of Things Street, Binjiang District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province) and its affiliates (referred to as "Leapmotor", "we," or "us") attach great importance to the privacy and protection of your personal information. In this Leapmotor Privacy Policy ("this Policy"), we would like to explain to you how we collect, use, store, share, and protect your personal information when you use our products/services, as well as how you can exercise your rights.

This Privacy Policy applies to products/services that display or link to this Privacy Policy. If any of our products/services have separate privacy policies, those policies will take priority for the respective products/services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to products/services that have independently established privacy policies, nor does it apply to the personal information processing activities of other third-party companies and organizations that advertise products or services.

Please read and fully understand this Privacy Policy carefully before accessing our official website or related webpages. By continuing to browse and use our services, you indicate that you have understood the relevant contents of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection, processing, and use of your personal information by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, opinions, or suggestions regarding this Policy, please contact us through the contact information provided in Section 9.

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:

1. How we collect and use your personal information
2. How we use cookies and similar technologies
3. How we share, transfer, and disclose your personal information
4. How we store and protect your personal information
5. Your rights
6. Protection of personal information of minors
7. Applicable law and dispute resolution
8. Updates to this Privacy Policy
9. How to contact us

1. How we collect and use your personal information

When you use our products/services, we collect and use the personal information that you actively provide, or that is generated by your use of the products/services, or that is obtained from third parties with your authorization, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, in order to provide and optimize our products/services to you.

Registration and Login
When you register as our user, you need to provide a mobile phone number to create an account. We will verify your identity by sending a verification code through SMS. This information is necessary for this function, and without it, you will not be able to complete the registration. When you register for an account on the Leapmotor official website, your account will also be synchronized with the Leapmotor app.

If you only engage in basic browsing activities on the official website, you do not need to register an account or provide the above information.

Browsing Information
When you visit our official website to browse car models and configurations, in order to provide better products or services, continuously improve our products/services, and optimize user experience, our servers automatically record your browsing history, the records of pages you visit, clicks, and duration of visits.

Test Driving and Experience Services
When you need to experience our products and services, you can make an appointment for a test drive. After receiving your contact information, we will arrange for our staff or authorized partner staff to contact you, understand your specific needs, arrange test drives, answer your inquiries, and may send you information about our products, services, or related events, or invite you to participate in our surveys or service experience activities. When you make a test drive appointment, we will collect the name of the test driver, mobile phone number, test drive date, and test drive city.

Vehicle Reservation
When you reserve a Leapmotor vehicle, you need to provide the real name of the buyer, mobile phone number, identification information (ID card or passport, Hong Kong and Macau residents' Mainland Travel Permit, Taiwan residents' Mainland Travel Permit), and sales outlet. If you are an enterprise user, you need to provide the company name, enterprise code, representative's name, mobile phone number, and sales outlet.

Payment of Deposit
After you complete the reservation, you can make the payment through WeChat Pay or Alipay. We need to associate your account name, corresponding payment account name, and order payment-related information, and share the necessary information with the relevant payment companies in accordance with the requirements of relevant anti-money laundering laws and regulations to verify your payment instructions and complete the payment.

Delivery of Products/Services
After you place a vehicle order and complete the online payment, authorized partners who have signed a Cooperation Agreement with Leapmotor and strictly fulfill the responsibilities for personal information protection specified in the Cooperation Agreement and this Privacy Policy ("Authorized Partners") will handle the delivery of the vehicle. We will authorize such authorized partners to use your order information and other relevant information during the delivery process.

Recruitment
You can view job opportunities on the Leapmotor website. If you submit your resume, we will collect your resume information. Please refer to the Privacy Policy on the recruitment page for more details.

Exceptions to Obtaining Authorization and Consent
According to relevant laws and regulations, collecting your personal information without obtaining your authorization and consent is not required in the following circumstances:

1. It is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract in which you are a party;
2. It is necessary for the fulfillment of legal obligations or statutory duties, such as national security, national defense, public security, and statutory duties directly related to judicial investigations, prosecutions, trials, and enforcement of judgments;
3. It is necessary for responding to sudden public health incidents or for the protection of the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. It is necessary for the implementation of public interests such as news reporting and public opinion supervision within a reasonable range, and the personal information is processed within a reasonable range;
5. It is necessary to process the personal information you have self-publicized or other personal information that has been lawfully disclosed (such as legally published news reports, government information disclosure, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations;
6. It is necessary for the security and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and handling malfunctions of products or services;
7. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

If we cease the operation of a product or service, we will promptly stop collecting your personal information and notify you of the cessation by means of individual notifications or public announcements. We will delete or anonymize the personal information we hold in such cases.

2. How we use Cookies and similar technologies

To ensure the normal operation of our website and provide you with a better browsing experience, we store small data files called Cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, numbers, and characters. With the help of Cookies, websites can identify your identity, store your preferences, or store data such as products in your shopping cart. We will not use Cookies for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy. You can manage or delete Cookies according to your preferences. For more details, please refer to AboutCookies.org. You can clear all the Cookies stored on your computer, but if you do so, you will need to personally change the user settings every time you access our website.

Many web browsers have the "Do Not Track" feature, which sends Do Not Track requests to websites. If your browser enables the Do Not Track feature, all of our websites will respect your choice.

3. How we provide, transfer, and disclose your personal information to third parties

a. Providing to Third Parties
We may provide some of your personal information to our affiliated companies, authorized partners, or third-party service providers in order to provide products/services to you.

For entrusted processing scenarios, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements or data processing agreements with the entrusted parties to clarify the responsibilities, processing matters, processing purposes, etc. and require them to process personal information in accordance with the agreements between the parties and this Privacy Policy. For sharing scenarios, we will share your personal information in the following situations based on the principles of legality, legitimacy, and necessity.

1. Sharing required for the fulfillment of legal obligations: providing your personal information according to legal requirements, litigation and dispute resolution needs, or requests made by administrative or judicial authorities in accordance with the law;
2. Obtaining your explicit consent or authorization in advance.
3. Sharing among affiliated companies: In order to facilitate the joint provision of services to you by us and our affiliated companies, we will share your information among the affiliated companies, subject to the constraints of the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If our affiliated companies change the purposes of personal information processing, we will seek your consent again.
4. Sharing required for the realization of our services/features: In order to realize product functions or provide services to you, we may provide your personal information to our authorized partners or third-party service providers. We will only share your personal information within the scope necessary to achieve the cooperation purposes, and we will sign corresponding personal information protection agreements or terms with them, requiring them to process and protect your personal information in accordance with the agreements reached between the parties and this Privacy Policy, and require them to take sufficient security measures to process the information we share and not use this information for any other purposes.
5. Protection of rights: It is necessary to provide personal information to protect our rights, property, or safety, or the rights, property, or safety of users of our services or the public, within the scope required by law and regulations.

b. Transfer
Unless we obtain your explicit consent, we will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual. In the event of mergers, acquisitions, or asset sales, if personal information transfer is involved, we will inform you of the name and contact information of the receiving party before transferring your personal information. We will require new companies or organizations holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this Privacy Policy; otherwise, we will require the company or organization to seek your authorization again.

c. Disclosure
We will comply with relevant laws and regulations and keep your personal information confidential. We will not proactively disclose personal information that you have not made public, unless required by law or with your separate consent.

d. Exceptions to obtaining consent for sharing, transfer, and disclosure
Please be fully aware that according to laws and regulations, there is no need to obtain your authorization and consent in advance to share, transfer, or publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:

1. It is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract in which you are a party;
2. It is necessary for the fulfillment of legal obligations or statutory duties, such as national security, national defense, public security, and statutory duties directly related to judicial investigations, prosecutions, trials, and enforcement of judgments;
3. It is necessary for responding to sudden public health incidents or for the protection of the life, health, and property safety of natural persons in emergency situations;
4. It is necessary for the implementation of public interests such as news reporting and public opinion supervision within a reasonable range, and the personal information is processed within a reasonable range;
5. It is necessary to process the personal information you have self-publicized or other personal information that has been lawfully disclosed (such as legally published news reports, government information disclosure, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of laws and regulations;
6. It is necessary for the security and stable operation of the products or services provided, such as discovering and handling malfunctions of products/services;
7. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

4. How we store and protect your personal information

a. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect the personal information you provide.

1. We use industry-standard security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss. We provide secure browsing methods on the Leapmotor website. We use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data. We use reliable protection mechanisms to prevent data from being maliciously attacked. We deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information. Any personnel with such permissions must comply with strict confidentiality obligations stipulated in the contracts. We also enhance employee training to increase their awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.

Despite the above reasonable and effective measures, and compliance with relevant legal and regulatory requirements, please understand that in the Internet industry, even with all possible security measures, no security measure can be 100% secure due to technical limitations and possible malicious means. If you have reasons to believe that our services pose information security risks, please inform us promptly. Contact information is provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Policy.

2. In the event of a personal information security incident, we will initiate emergency response plans, take reasonable remedial measures, and minimize the impact on your personal information and other rights and interests to the greatest extent possible. We will promptly notify you of the basic situation and potential impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to address the incident, and provide you with recommendations on how to prevent and reduce risks or any remedies available to you, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations. We will notify you of the incident by email, phone, or notification. If it is difficult to notify individual data subjects one by one, we will make public announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, we will proactively report information related to personal information security incidents in accordance with regulatory requirements.

3. If you sell or transfer your Leapmotor product to someone else, please inform us so that we can determine whether additional measures are needed to ensure that the personal information we collected about you is not illegally disclosed to the buyer or transferee of the Leapmotor product.

b. Storage of information

We will store and process the personal information collected and generated during the operation within the territory of the People's Republic of China in accordance with the provisions of relevant laws and regulations. If we need to transfer data overseas, we will strictly comply with the requirements of relevant laws, regulations, and policies, or obtain your separate authorization and consent.

c. Retention period

We will retain your personal information for the duration necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and the duration required by laws and regulations, except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations or as authorized by the data subject.

5. Your rights

We attach great importance to your management of personal information and will do our best to ensure that you exercise your rights in accordance with the law:

a. Access and Copy Your Personal Information

If you want to access or copy your personal information, you can make a request through the contact information provided in Section 9. Subject to relevant legal requirements and technological feasibility, we will provide you with copies of your personal information after verifying your identity.

If you request to transfer your personal information to a designated personal information processor, in compliance with national regulations and technological feasibility, we will provide a transfer method.

b. Correct and Supplement Your Personal Information

If you find any errors or incompleteness in the personal information about you that we process, you can contact us through the contact information provided in Section 9. After verifying your identity and when correcting or supplementing does not affect the objectivity and accuracy of the information, you have the right to correct or supplement the incorrect or incomplete information.

c. Delete Your Personal Information

You can request the deletion of your personal information through the contact information provided in Section 9 in the following situations:

1. The purpose of processing has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or is no longer necessary to achieve the processing purpose;
2. If we stop providing relevant products or services, or the retention period of personal information has expired (e.g., if you no longer use our products or services, or you have canceled your account);
3. If you withdraw your consent;
4. If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations;
5. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify the entities from which we obtained your personal information and require them to promptly delete (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations or these entities have obtained your separate authorization). After you or we assist you in deleting the relevant information and due to applicable laws and security technologies, we may not be able to immediately delete the corresponding information from backup systems, but we will take necessary security measures to store your personal information and restrict any other processing until the data reaches the legally required retention period for deletion.

d. Change the Scope of Your Authorized Consent

You can contact us or change the settings on your smart mobile device to give, change, or revoke your consent through the contact information or methods listed in Section 9.

Since each function and service requires the necessary personal information to be completed, after you revoke your consent or authorization, we will be unable to continue providing the products or services corresponding to the withdrawn consent or changed scope of authorization, and we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to revoke consent will not affect the personal information processing conducted based on your prior authorization.

e. Account Cancellation

You can contact us to cancel your account through the contact information provided in Section 9. After you voluntarily cancel your account, we will stop providing products or services to you. Except as otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will delete your personal information or anonymize it.

f. Right to Explanations

You have the right to ask us to explain the rules for the processing of personal information. You can contact us through the contact information provided in Section 9.

g. Response to Your Requests

To ensure security, you need to provide a written request. After receiving your request, we may verify your identity and may require you to provide necessary information for identity verification.

We will respond and process within 15 days. For reasonable requests, we generally do not charge fees. However, for requests of a large quantity, repeated requests, or requests beyond a reasonable limit, we may charge a certain cost fee. We may also refuse requests that are repetitive, require excessive technical means, pose risks to the legitimate rights and interests of others, or are extremely impractical.

In the following situations, in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements, we will be unable to respond to your requests:

1. It is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract in which you are a party;
2. It is necessary for the fulfillment of legal obligations or statutory duties, such as national security, national defense, public security, and statutory duties directly related to judicial investigations, prosecutions, trials, and enforcement of judgments;
3. It is directly related to public safety, public health, or significant public interests;
4. It is directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and execution of judgments;
5. It is necessary to protect your or other individuals' life, health, or property safety in emergency situations;
6. It is necessary for the implementation of news reporting and public opinion supervision within a reasonable range, and the processing of personal information is within a reasonable range;
7. There is sufficient evidence to prove that you have subjective malice or abuse of rights;
8. The personal information is processed within a reasonable range in accordance with laws and regulations based on personal information that you have publicly disclosed or other personal information that has been lawfully disclosed;
9. Responding to your request would seriously harm your legitimate rights and interests or the legitimate rights and interests of others;
10. It involves trade secrets.

6. Protection of personal information of minors

Please understand that our products and services are mainly targeted at adults, and we do not actively collect personal information of minors. If you have any related questions, please contact us through the contact information provided below.

7. Applicable law and dispute resolution

This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China and is interpreted in accordance with its provisions. Any disputes arising from this Privacy Policy will be resolved through friendly consultations between us and you. If a settlement cannot be
