Privacy Policy 
  Nezha Motors APP Privacy Policy Updated: July 14, 2021 Effective: July 14, 2021 Welcome to the Nezha Motors APP! Nezha Motors (Zhejiang United New Energy Vehicle Co., Ltd., hereinafter also referred to as "we") understands the importance of your personal information and we will do our best to keep your personal information safe and secure. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, adhering to the principles of personal information collection and handling, and taking appropriate security measures to protect the security of your personal information in accordance with proven industry security standards. We will collect, store, use, share, disclose and protect your personal information in accordance with current laws, regulations, policies and the Nezha Auto App Privacy Policy (also referred to as "this Privacy Policy" or "this Policy"). Therefore, please read and fully understand the contents of this Policy before using our products or services. In particular, the terms of this policy that may exclude or limit liability are marked in bold and should be read with emphasis. By checking the "Read and Agree to Nezha Auto App Privacy Policy" box, you acknowledge that you have fully read, understood and accepted this Privacy Policy in its entirety and that you have reached an agreement with us regarding the contents of this Policy. If you continue to use the Nezha App without checking or clicking "Agree" to this policy, you are deemed to have accepted and approved our handling of your information in accordance with this policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use or stop using the Nezha App. I. General Provisions (a) The Nezha App is owned and operated by Zhejiang HZN New Energy Vehicle Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as "the Company"). (2) Before using our products or services, you should read this Agreement carefully and agree to abide by it before becoming a Nezha Auto App user (hereinafter referred to as "you" or "User"). After successful registration, an agreement is formed between the User and Nezha and the User shall be bound by this Agreement. 2. Account Security and Use (a) Before using the Nezha Auto APP service, you will be required to register with the Platform, and if your registration is successful, you will be provided with a Platform User Account and may set or modify your password. The platform will use the user account and password/mobile phone verification code to identify the user's instructions. You confirm that all actions in the platform after logging in with your user account and password/mobile phone verification code are on your behalf. The electronic information records generated by the operation of the user account are valid evidence of the user's behavior, and the user shall bear the legal responsibility arising therefrom. (2) You shall provide corresponding registration information in accordance with the requirements of the platform and ensure that the aforementioned information is true, accurate, complete, legal and valid. If your registration information changes, you should update your registration information in a timely manner. Your registration information should not contain content that violates laws and regulations, public order and morality. Once it is found that the user information does not comply with the agreement, the platform has the right to suspend or stop providing services to you and delete the content that violates laws and regulations, public order and morality. (3) You shall comply with relevant laws and regulations when using your account and shall not: 1) violate the Constitution or the provisions of laws and regulations; 2) endanger national security, disclose state secrets, subvert state power, and undermine national unity; 3) damage national honor and interests, and damage public interests; 4) incite ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and undermine national unity; 5) undermine national religious policies, and (6) spreading rumors, disturbing social order and undermining social stability; (7) spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, murder, terror or abetting crime; (8) insulting or defaming others, infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of others; (9) containing other content prohibited by laws and administrative regulations. (4) When using your account, you shall not use your account or the services provided by the Company to create, upload, copy, publish or disseminate the following contents: (1) containing abusive, threatening or threatening content; (2) containing harassment, spam, malicious information or deceptive information; (3) involving the privacy, personal information or data of others; (4) infringing on the legal rights of others, such as reputation, portrait rights, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, etc.; (5) containing other contents that interfere with the legal rights of the Company (5) Information containing other content that interferes with the normal operation of the Service and infringes on the legitimate rights and interests of other users or third parties. (e) Because the account may be related to the user's identity information, credit information, etc., in order to better maintain the order of the use of the platform, the user account is for the initial registrant's use only, without the prior written consent of the Company, you may not transfer, sell, give, borrow, rent, disclose to a third party or otherwise permit a third party to use the account and password. If you suffer losses due to violation of these terms or account attack, fraud, etc., you shall recover from the tortfeasor through judicial, administrative and other remedies, and the platform shall not be liable. (f) When you purchase a used vehicle from us, if you wish to use the Nezha Auto APP service, please take the initiative to contact us to open your personal account to replace the registered account of the previous owner. If you fail to contact us within the period of your use of the vehicle, we will continue to use the registered information of the previous owner in our system and send the service information to the registered contact information of the previous owner. Any liability and risk arising from your failure to contact us to change the owner's information shall be borne by you. In addition, please notify us when you sell, rent or transfer a vehicle registered to your Nezha Auto APP service system account. If you sell, rent or transfer your vehicle without informing us, we will continue to use your information registered in the system and send it to your registered contact information regardless of who the new owner of the vehicle is. (vii) We reserve the right to terminate all or part of the services provided to you until your account is terminated if you violate national or local laws and regulations, public order and morals, or violate these Terms of Service, and in no event shall we be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages. (a) Purpose of collecting and using personal information for business functions In the course of your use of the various business functions of Nezha Auto App, we will need to collect some information about you. The personal information we collect about you will be used to provide you with the Services, to optimize our Services, to protect the security of your account and to comply with national laws, regulations and supervision. If we want to use your personal information for purposes not described in this policy, we will obtain your prior consent. We will collect and use your personal information for the following purposes in connection with the various business functions provided by the Nezha Motors App: 1) To help you become our user: including, but not limited to, providing your cell phone number, user name and password in order to complete the creation of your Nezha Motors account. In the process of creating an account and associating the account with your vehicle, we will also associate your ID number, domicile status, gender, and address provided in the purchase contract you signed with Nezha Motors with your account. If you voluntarily provide us with additional personal information, we will be able to present you with more personalized services based on your needs. This information includes your gender, birthday, domicile status, job title, company, educational background, etc. This may vary depending on the specific service you receive, so please pay attention to the authorization prompts for the specific feature you are using. However, if you do not provide this information, it will not affect your access to the basic functions of our services. (2) For verifying your identity: This includes verifying your identity based on your basic information, assisting in identifying your age, in order to confirm your association with the vehicle with your consent. This requires you to provide your name, cell phone, ID number, driver's license number, frame number, and license plate number. If you do not authorize us to use this information, we cannot establish a link between you and your vehicle. In addition, with your consent, when you participate in sweepstakes, contests or similar promotions, marketing activities, market satisfaction surveys, we may use your basic information to administer such activities. If you do not want to receive such information, you may refuse, or you may close or unsubscribe at any time. 3) For identifying and verifying your device security: We may collect information about your device, including device model, unique device identifier (such as IMEI / Android ID / IDFA / OPENUDID / GUID / IMSI information), device MAC address, operating system type and model, screen resolution, telecommunications carrier, software installation list, software version number, the system language. 4) For maintaining contact with you: including but not limited to responding to your inquiries and requests, making service callbacks, and inviting you to participate in activities related to our products and services according to your needs. If you do not wish to receive such information, you may unsubscribe at any time. (5) For providing you with online car purchasing services: When you order a car online on the Nezha App, we will use your name and phone number information collected during your Nezha App user registration. If you have not registered or do not want to use the information we collect to order a car online, we will collect your name and phone number again. This information will be provided to the dealership of your choice to contact you and confirm the booking information. In addition we will collect your location information, based on which we will recommend the nearest dealership for you. (6) Extended functions for providing you with information about goods or services: In order to provide you with information that better meets your needs and those of your vehicle, we will collect your name, cell phone number, photo ID, photo driving license, vehicle identification number (VIN), vehicle information, and display, push information and possible commercial advertising to you based on the information you provide. If you don't want to receive the push information we give you, you can choose to turn it off in the settings. 7) For connecting to in-car WiFi: In order to connect to your in-car WiFi and provide you with more convenient linkage services, we may collect WiFi information that you actively connect to, including the BSSID information of the WiFi. You may refuse our collection of such information by not connecting to the in-car WiFi. 8) To help you complete your order and to check your order information: When you order specific goods and/or services on the Nezha Auto App platform, we collect your recipient's name, delivery address, and the phone number of the recipient's contact person. The order is also recorded and displays information about the goods and/or services you have purchased, the specific order number, the time the order was created, the amount you should have paid, and the status of the order. We collect this information to show you the order information and to help you complete your transaction, secure your transaction, check your order information, and provide customer or after-sales service. This information will also facilitate your understanding of order information and management of order information. 9) For providing you with our product releases/service upgrades/software upgrades: to send you information related to the products/services you have purchased and changes to the relevant terms/conditions/policies that are essential to your communication with us. 10) For providing you with after-sales services: including but not limited to recording details of your vehicle in the event of a breakdown for verification of the cause of the breakdown, remote location analysis, timely rescue in the event of an accident, and damage determination and underwriting in the event of an insurance accident to your vehicle. You can decide whether to accept such services according to your driving condition. (11) For vehicle management and safety tips: locating and analyzing the operating condition of your Nezha vehicle product to ensure availability and safety, and detecting and addressing product or service failures. With your consent, to send you information related to vehicle management, safety, repair and maintenance. You may decide whether to accept such services based on your own driving conditions. (12) To improve our services: We may use the information to understand how you access and use our services so that we can tailor our response to your individual experience and personal needs, such as personalizing our response to your needs in terms of language settings, location settings, help services and instructions. (13) For purposes required by law, regulation, court ruling or other legal process or by authorized government authorities. (14) For other purposes: for purposes of obtaining your consent; for account and network security purposes; to help us create, develop, operate, provide and improve our products, services, content, advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes. We will only use your data for purposes such as prevention, detection, and investigation of anti-fraud if both of the following conditions are met: a. It is absolutely necessary; and b. The use of the data is assessed to be consistent with our purpose of protecting the legitimate interests of our customers. For specific online transactions, we may also verify the information you provide through publicly available sources to fulfill your request, including participation in online or offline events or providing marketing materials for products or services at your request. (ii) Access to your device For the above purposes, it may be necessary to open your following permissions to us in your device: location permissions (mainly for automatic location display/vehicle after-sales service in the place where the APP event is held), storage permissions (for vehicle activation, user information editing, small circle posting picture content, picture saving), phone permissions (for contacting customer service), camera permissions ( for publishing picture content in the small circle), vehicle activation permission (for vehicle QR code scanning), recording permission (for vehicle activation), microphone permission (for vehicle activation), address book permission (for reading emergency contacts), mobile account permission (for reading emergency contacts), application list permission (for device fraud risk identification), in order to achieve the collection of information involved in these functions and use. Please refer to the specific descriptions of these features above for the specific access rights required for each feature. We will only collect the appropriate categories of permissions required for the personal information mentioned in the specific description and will not request additional permissions beyond those required for the function. You can check the status of your above-mentioned permissions in your device via "Settings" (e.g. "Settings-Privacy" in iOS and "Settings-Application Permissions" in Android) item by item You can decide to turn these permissions on or off at any time. Please note that when you choose to turn on these permissions, you explicitly agree to authorize us to collect and use your personal information to achieve the above mentioned functions, and when you turn off these permissions, you cancel these authorizations, and we will not continue to collect and use your personal information, but also cannot provide you with the above mentioned functions corresponding to these authorizations. Your decision to disable your access will not affect the processing of personal information based on your authorization. You agree that your personal information will only be used for marketing, investigation, risk control and statistical purposes for the Company's products by Zhejiang Hezhong New Energy Automobile Company Limited, authorized dealers, agents, third party service providers and partners. None of the above data users will be disclosed to any other third party without your permission. We will use your personal information as appropriate to implement our services. For example, we (or our affiliates, dealers, agents, etc.) will use your personal information to keep in touch with you, invite you to participate in various test drive experiences, and provide you with information related to your subscription, etc. Your wishes will be respected, and you may notify us at any time that you do not wish to undefined 
 
 