PRIVACY STATEMENT
Updated as of 7/21/2021
Introduction to the ToyotaSupplier.com Privacy Statement
Toyota Motor North America, Inc. along with its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Toyota,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy of your Personal Information (as defined below), so we have established the following privacy statement (“Privacy Statement”). This Privacy Statement describes how Toyota will collect, use, share and store your Personal Information, including information we collect in connection with your use of our website at toyotasupplier.com and its web pages, interactive features, and applications (collectively, the “Website”).
The Website is intended for use by our suppliers, service providers, vendors and their employees (“Toyota Suppliers”) and is not intended for Toyota consumers.
United States Only. This Privacy Statement describes our practices with respect to Personal Information collected from this Website regarding individuals in the United States.
By using the Website, you signify your assent to this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this Privacy Statement, please do not use the Website. This Privacy Statement may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page, so please visit us frequently.
This Privacy Statement forms part of our Terms of Use (also found on this website in the Footer). Any capitalized but undefined term in this Privacy Statement shall have the meaning given to it in the Terms of Use.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect certain types of “Personal Information” (i.e., information that can be used to identify you as an individual, such as your name, email, telephone number, or business address) about you in a variety of ways, depending on your interactions with us, as described further below.
Contact Information: Contact Information includes information you provide that may be used to contact you or identify you. Examples include your name, business address, e-mail address, phone numbers (business and mobile), fax number, job title, and business identification number (e.g. DUNS number).
Account Login Information: Account Login Information includes your username, email, and password used to create an account on our Website.
Online Activity Data: Online Activity Data includes information regarding your online interactions with the Website. Examples include your browsing history on the Website, information collected from cookies on the Website, and IP addresses.
Legal Activity Data: Legal Activity Data includes information collected in connection with legal claims. Examples include information relating to disputes and claims.
2. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We may collect Personal Information about you in a variety of ways from the Website, depending on your interaction with us.
Directly from You: We may collect Personal Information directly from you. This may happen in a variety of ways, including but not limited to when you use the Website, when you create an account on the Website, and when you complete our supplier intake application.
Automatically from Your Devices: We may also collect the following types of Online Activity Data automatically when you use the Website:
Usage Information. Whenever you visit or interact with the Website, we, as well as any third-party service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Website is accessed and used (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include browser type, device type, operating system, domain name of the internet service provider, application version, the page served, the time, duration of visits, the preceding page views, and your use of features or applications on the Website. This information helps us maintain and improve our Website. Usage Information is generally nonidentifying, but if Toyota associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person, Toyota treats it as Personal Information.
Device Identifier. We automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device (“Device”) you use to access the Website. A Device Identifier is a number that is assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. We, and our third-party service providers and business partners may use a Device Identifier to, among other things, administer the Website; help diagnose problems with our servers; analyze trends; and track users' web page movements over time.
Cookies; Pixel Tags. The technologies used on the Website to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers, include but are not limited to: cookies (data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Website), mobile analytics software and pixel tags (transparent graphic images, sometimes called web beacons or tracking beacons, placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed). We, or our third-party service providers, may place cookies or similar files on your Device for security purposes, and to facilitate site navigation. A pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server.
Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. However, please be aware that some features of the Website may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. If you block or delete cookies, not all tracking that we have described in this Privacy Statement will stop.
Certain web browsers may provide an option by which you may request your browser to inform websites you visit that you do not wish your activities to be tracked by cookies or other persistent identifiers, commonly called “Do Not Track Signals”. The Website currently do not respond to Do Not Track Signals.
3. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the Personal Information we collect from you for a variety of business purposes such as to:
Handle requests to become a Toyota Supplier;
Respond to your inquiries;
Verify your identity;
Send promotional, marketing and advertisement communications that we believe may be of interest to you;
Contact you regarding certain programs or offerings that you may have registered for;
Communicate with you about your account and activities on the Website and, in our discretion, changes to any Toyota policy or notice;
Evaluate use of the Website and improve the Website and Toyota products and services;
Comply with applicable laws and regulatory requirements, or as requested by government or regulatory authorities;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Protect and defend the rights or property of Toyota; and
For purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.
4. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We may also share your Personal Information as disclosed at the time you provide your information, as set forth in this Privacy Statement and in the following circumstances:
Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf: We may share your Personal Information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf, such as service providers and business partners to assist us in administering a Toyota program, event, or promotion; and service providers that host or operate our Website and analyze data.
Our Affiliates: We may share your Personal Information with other entities and our affiliates primarily for business and operational purposes.
Business Transfers: In the event that Toyota is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction.
Legal Disclosure: We may transfer and disclose your information to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law or a governmental authority requires it; to verify or enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to address fraud, security or technical issues; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect our rights or property or security of third parties, visitors to our Website or a Toyota program or the public.
We may also share non-Personal Information, such as anonymous information or aggregate data, with any third parties.
5. NO SALE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Toyota does not sell your Personal Information to non-affiliated third parties (including for their own direct marketing purposes) without your consent. In addition, Toyota has not sold your Personal Information to nonaffiliated third parties in the last 12 months. If you are entitled to any disclosure rights in your jurisdiction regarding our sale of your Personal Information to non-affiliated third parties or our disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, this disclosure satisfies those requirements. If you still wish to learn more about our compliance with this requirement, please contact us using the information provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
6. OPTING-OUT
At any time, you may choose not to receive future promotional, advertising, or other Website-related emails from us by selecting the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send you. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still send you a response to inquiries where you have contacted us and as well as administrative emails (for example, in connection with a password reset request) that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Website.
7. ACCESS, CORRECTION, AND DELETION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We would like to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you would like to access, delete or correct any of your Personal Information that we may have collected about you, you may email us at helpdesksupplier@toyota.com or write us at:
Toyota Supplier Network
Attn: ToyotaSupplier.com Mgr - Mail code PURSS-SC-YK
8777 Platt Rd
Saline, MI 48176
8. CHILDREN
The Website is not directed to children under the age of 13. Toyota does not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her Personal Information without the parent/guardian's consent. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
9. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We take information security seriously and use certain reasonable security measures to help protect your Personal Information. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the Website and provide us with your information at your own risk. When we collect sensitive information on our Website (such as credit card number or geo-location information), we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology.
10. OTHER SITES
The Website may include links to other websites that we do not own or operate. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices, even though they may use the Toyota name or logo on their site through an agreement with us. These other sites may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. Because Toyota has no control over the privacy practices or content of these linked sites, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policy of each website you visit. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our Website.
11. CONSENT TO PROCESSING AND TRANSFER OF INFORMATION
The Website is governed by and operated in, and in accordance with the laws of, the United States, and is intended for the enjoyment of residents of the United States. Toyota makes no representation that the Website is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation. Given that we are an international business, our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Website, or providing us with any Personal Information, you (a) acknowledge that the Website is subject to the laws of the United States, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen, and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws.
12. CHANGES
We may update this Privacy Statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on our Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
13. CONTACT US
To contact us with a question, email us at helpdesksupplier@toyota.com or mail your inquiry to:
Toyota Supplier Network
Attn: ToyotaSupplier.com Mgr - Mail code PURSS-SC-YK
8777 Platt Rd
Saline, MI 48176
