If you (the user) have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the "Policy"), please call our customer service hotline 4000273777 contact us.


Reminder terms

Your trust is very important to us, we are well aware of the importance of personal information to you, and we will take corresponding security protection measures in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations to try our best to protect your personal information safe and controllable. In view of this, Dongfeng Renault EV Zhilian System Service Provider Dongchuang Zilian (Wuhan) New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. and Shenzhen Lianyou Technology Co., Ltd. Guangzhou Branch (or hereinafter referred to as "we") have formulated this Privacy Policy and remind you:

This policy applies to all products and services provided by Dongfeng Renault EV Intelligent Connected System. If the products or services of our affiliates (see the definition section for details) use the products or services provided by Zhaoping (e.g., log in with Zhaopin's account) but do not have a separate privacy policy, this Policy will also apply to such products or services.

It should be noted that this Policy does not apply to the services provided to you by other third parties, nor to products or services that have separately set up legal notices and privacy policies in the Zhilian system.

Before using the products or services of Zhilian System, please be sure to carefully read and thoroughly understand this Policy, and use the relevant products or services after confirming that you fully understand and agree to them. Before you use Zhilian, you check "Read and agree to the "Zhilian User Privacy Policy", which means that you have fully understood and agreed to this policy before we can start collecting your personal information. If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about the content of this Policy, you can contact us through the various contact methods provided by Zhilian System.

You agree that we have the right to update the user privacy statement of Zhilian System from time to time by email, text message, website announcement, etc.

 

Part I: Definitions

Device information: including hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, software list, unique device identifier (such as IMEI/android ID/IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM cardInformation that describes the basic situation of

personal commonly used devices Device network information: includes information about the network mode and status of the device.

Device environment information: including the device's screen brightness, the device's battery status, and the region where the device is located (e.g., China and the United States).

Device application information: includes installation information such as the version of common applications on the device.

Personal information: refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. The personal information that may be involved in this Privacy Policy includes: account information (including your profile picture, nickname, home address, company address, birthday), emergency contact, real-name authentication information (name, phone number, personal hand-held ID photo, front and back photo of ID card or other identity documents), account information (mobile phone or car account and bound third-party account), address book, location information, itinerary information, transaction and order information, itinerary information (destination, departure time, reminder time, Remarks information), vehicle information (vehicle power consumption, vehicle driving information, vehicle diagnosis information, VIN, brand, car series, model, engine number), personal common device information (including hardware model, device MAC address, operating system type, software list unique device identification code (such as IMEI/Android ID/ IDFA/OPENUDID/GUID, SIM CARD IMSI INFORMATION, ETC., INFORMATION THAT DESCRIBES THE BASIC SITUATION OF PERSONAL COMMONLY USED DEVICES), DEVICE INFORMATION (SUCH AS IP ADDRESS, GNSSinformation, WiFi status, WiFi parameters, WiFi list, base station information, signal strength information, Bluetooth information, sensor information (vector, acceleration, pressure), device signal strength information), Operation information (clicks, browsing, exposure) and log information (IP address, usage time, operation history).


Personal sensitive information: refers to personal information that may endanger personal and property safety once disclosed, illegally provided or abused, and can easily lead to damage to personal reputation, physical and mental health or discriminatory treatment, etc., and the personal sensitive information that may be involved in this Privacy Policy includes: your real-name authentication information (name, phone number, ID number, personal ID photo, ID card front and back photo or other identity documents), transaction and order information, and other information (including address book, call logs, calendars, text messages, pictures, audio and video, mobile phone number, itinerary information, location information).

Affiliates: means any company that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with us, now or in the future. "Control" means the ability to directly or indirectly influence the management of the company in question, whether through ownership, voting shares, contracts or other means recognized by the people's courts.

 

Part 2 Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy section will help you understand the following:

1. How we collect and use your personal information

2. How we use cookies and similar technologies

3. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information

4. How we protect your personal information

5. Your Rights

6. How we process the personal information of minors

7. How your personal information is transferred globally

8. Self-start and associated start-up instructions

9. How this Privacy Policy is updated

10. How to contact us

 

1. How we collect and use your personal information

When you use this product and/or service, we need to collect and use your personal information in the following two ways:

1. In order to realize the basic business functions of the products and/or services we provide to you, you must authorize us to collect and use the necessary information.

2. In order to realize the expanded business functions of the products and/or services we provide to you, you may authorize us to collect and use the information. This information is not necessary for the operation of the product and/or service, but it will be used for our purpose of improving the quality of the product and/or service, enhancing the user experience, and developing new business functions. If you do not wish to provide it, you will not be able to use the relevant extended functions normally and/or achieve the best results of the service.

We will only collect and use your personal information for the following purposes:

1. Provide you with intelligent network services

(a) User Registration

You first need to register a Zhilian EV account, when you register, you need to provide us with at least your mobile phone number (user verification phone), password, and we will send an SMS verification code to verify whether your identity is valid. At the same time, you can choose to provide the following additional information, which will help us provide you with a better service and experience: profile picture, nickname, home address, company address, birthday. If you do not provide this additional information, it will not affect the basic functions of your intelligent network.

(b) Real-name authentication is tied to the vehicle

After the registration is completed, you need to go through real-name authentication before you can use a series of services of the Zhilian APP, including your name, phone number, ID number, personal handheld ID photo, front and back photo of ID card or other identity proof. The real-name authentication information will be passed to the national real-name authentication platform through the mobile operator for identity verification. The collection of such information complies with the requirements of the online real-name system of relevant laws and regulations. You also need to bind the vehicle to bind the Zhilian APP to your car machine, if you do not provide these two types of information, you will not be able to use our products or services normally.

(c) Vehicle Information Display:

After you complete user registration, real-name authentication and vehicle binding, we will use your vehicle information (including mileage, remaining mileage, total average power consumption, vehicle location information, and vehicle diagnosis status). If you do not provide vehicle information, you can cancel the vehicle binding and real-name authentication, but this will make you unable to use our products or services normally.

(d) Navigation Services:

Send the destination to the large central control screen of the car in advance, and you can navigate to the destination with one click after getting into the car, the service needs to obtain your vehicle location information and the destination information you enter, and provide you with navigation services. If you do not provide vehicle information, you can cancel the vehicle binding and real-name authentication, but this will result in you not being able to use the relevant intelligent connection services of the navigation service.

(e) Help & Feedback (Helpers).

Our telephone customer service or after-sales service may use your account information or real-name authentication information or vehicle information in order to provide you with after-sales service more quickly, accurately and safely, and help you solve the problems you face.

(f) 违章查询：

When the user uses the violation query function, the engine number recorded by the system and the license plate number filled in by the user are used to obtain the vehicle violation data from the traffic management bureau and display it in the APP. You can also choose not to fill in the license plate number information, but you will not be able to use other smart services such as violation inquiry.

(g) Dash cams

By binding the vehicle, you can obtain the photo or video data of the vehicle dash cam and display it in the APP for you to use the dash cam data more conveniently. You can also choose not to bind the vehicle, or do not share the dashcam data to the APP, but you will not be able to enjoy better dashcam viewing functions and saving services in the APP.

(h) Maintenance

In order to provide you with the service function, we will use your vehicle's mileage information to calculate your remaining service mileage and the next service time from the mileage driven. If you do not provide vehicle mileage information, you need to unbind the vehicle and authenticate your real name, and you will not be able to use the related smart connection services for maintenance and maintenance.

(i) Travel Arrangements

Plan your trip and remind you before you go. You can set it by filling in the settings in the No Itinerary section of the Home page module, or in the Trip Management. Both methods will collect your itinerary information (destination, departure time, reminder time, remarks information), and you can choose not to fill in your itinerary information, but you will not be able to enjoy the relevant Zhilian services related to the itinerary.

(j) Inquiry of the Connected Car Service Package:

When users use the Connected Vehicles service, they will obtain the user's real-name authentication status, vehicle information, and usage data of the connected car service package to provide you with more accurate traffic usage. You can also choose not to perform vehicle binding and real-name authentication, but you will not be able to use other connected services such as Connected Vehicles traffic query.

(k) Safe Arrival Reminder:

When the user uses the safe arrival reminder function, the user needs to fill in the destination, and then the vehicle location will be obtained to provide the vehicle arrival reminder service. You can also choose not to set up a safe arrival reminder or not to perform vehicle binding or real-name authentication, but you will not be able to use other smart services such as safe arrival reminders.

(l) Fingerprint recognition, facial recognition:

When you use fingerprint recognition and facial recognition to manage your account and password, we will verify by calling the fingerprint system and facial recognition system in your mobile phone system, but will not collect your fingerprint information and facial recognition information.

2. To improve or enhance our products and/or services

(a) the provision of connected EV systems, value-added services, automobile-related goods and services by us and our affiliates, and the mailing of announcements and e-mails of relevant activities by us for the purpose of conducting promotional activities;

(b) When we and our affiliates develop connected EV systems, automobile-related products and services, conduct questionnaires, or statistically analyze personal information to improve quality and customer satisfaction, and to grasp market trends;

(c) communicate with you about your account or our Services;

(d) to report the condition of the vehicle to the manufacturer of the vehicle and to provide information about the use of the vehicle;

(e) to assist you, vehicle management or agencies (if the vehicle is part of a fleet) in vehicle maintenance by updating data, including remaining battery power, mileage and vehicle fault codes and other vehicle maintenance information;

(f) to provide you with our routine or new services and related services, including checking, maintaining and updating our systems;

(g) install and change and/or update software or systems;

(h) provide information to the rental company or fleet for the purpose of administering your vehicle;

(i) to provide you with new products or services from us, your vehicle manufacturer and its affiliates, dealers or other third parties to whom you have previously been informed;

(j) to provide you with an invitation to make an offer for products or services, including an invitation to make an online offer based on your prior online behaviour or based on the location of your vehicle;

(k) to confirm your vehicle's insurance coverage, discounts and other relevant information;

(l) troubleshooting, usage evaluation and surveys;

(m) To improve the Company's products and services, including but not limited to vehicle status monitoring, navigation and services that need to be provided in cooperation with third parties, including the modules embedded with third-party codes: Xiaoneng Assistant, AutoNavi Navigation, Umeng, Alipay & WeChat Third-Party Payment;

(n) continue to provide the relevant free trial service after the expiration of the paid service, such as providing vehicle diagnostic services, subject to the company's policy in effect at that time;

(o) to provide you with notices, information and data necessary for the maintenance and repair of your vehicle;

(p) to evaluate or investigate the safety, quality, use and functionality of the vehicle in order to contact you for marketing purposes;

(q) Other occasions when personal information is used with the consent of the user of the connected EV system.

3. Ensure information security

In order to improve the security of your system when you use our products and/or services, more accurately prevent phishing website fraud and protect account security, we may judge the risk of your account by understanding your account information, vehicle information, equipment information, etc., and may record some behaviors that we believe are risky; We will also collect information about your device, installed applications or running processes, analyze problems in the Zhilian system, count traffic and troubleshoot possible risks, and troubleshoot when you choose to send us abnormal information.

4. Other emergency or necessary circumstances

(a) We protect your safety or the safety of others for the purpose of product safety or security protection, or to help maintain the proper operation of your vehicle. For example, we analyze this information to determine whether your vehicle software will be updated remotely; In order to use the traffic safety function, we will collect vehicle trajectory data and query and record your vehicle violation information;

(b) The Company will only learn the location information of a vehicle with a connected EV system in the following cases:

1) The property owner or registered user of the registered vehicle requests the Company to provide vehicle location services;

2) The airbag of the registered vehicle is deployed;

3) The registered vehicle has collided and an automatic help signal has been sent to the customer service center;

4) Provide the location information of the vehicle designated by the relevant public authority in response to legal requirements (including court orders in force that may be related to criminal investigations).

5)We entrust the necessary business to a third party (hereinafter referred to as "service provider", such as a telecommunications operator or SMS service provider) for the purpose of providing the Smart Connect system or affiliates. Service providers or affiliates may use your personal information within the scope of the purpose (within the scope of confidentiality agreements, cooperation agreements, etc.), and we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with such third parties to ensure the security of your personal information.

 

 

(2) You may choose to authorize us to collect and use your personal information

1. Emergency contact (address book).

To add an emergency contact, you need to request an address book authorization so that we can contact your emergency contacts in the event of an emergency, but you can also choose not to grant access to your phone's address book, and we will not have access to your address book.

2. Your location (mobile phone location).

Obtain your location information, which is used to obtain your navigation route to the vehicle in order to provide you with car search services, you can choose not to authorize your location information, we will not obtain your location information, and we will not be able to provide you with car search services.

3. I want to ask for help (phone permission).

Obtain your phone permission, which is used to read your local identification code and make phone calls, so that you can call bandits, fire alarms, medical aid, traffic accidents and our customer service numbers through the Zhilian APP.

4. Scan (camera permissions).

You need to scan the QR code on the car through the Zhilian APP, and you need to take photos and other operations in the real-name authentication, you have the right to choose not to authorize us to use your camera permissions, but you will not be able to use the basic functions of our intelligent network system.

5. Other occasions where personal information is used with your consent.

 

(3) We will obtain your personal information from a third party or affiliate

In order to facilitate your registration and use of the Zhilian system and improve your user experience, we may collect your personal information from third parties or affiliates, and we will use your personal information in accordance with the agreement with the third party or affiliates, after confirming the legitimacy of the source of personal information, and on the premise of complying with relevant laws and regulations.

1. When you register, use, purchase or lease a vehicle equipped with the Connected EV system, we will collect relevant information from various channels such as you, the dealer of the vehicle you are using, and the manufacturer of the vehicle.

2. When you use the Services, we will collect information:

(1) collect information (including cookies and other related web terminals) through your browsing of the website;

(2) In order to improve the quality of services and meet the needs of users, we collect information through telephone or email communication between you and any third party authorized by you, and you understand and agree to this;

(3) Collect information through third-party service providers or other business partners (such as wireless service providers).

(4) The processing of your personal information by our authorized partners

In order for you to be able to use the above services and features, our apps may embed SDKs or other similar applications from authorized partners, as detailed in the table below. We will conduct strict security tests on the application programming interfaces (APIs) and software tool development kits (SDKs) for authorized partners to obtain relevant information, and agree on strict data protection measures with authorized partners, so that they can process personal information in accordance with our entrusted purpose, service description, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.

 

NO.                

Third-Party Applications                

Purpose of Collection                

Information Collected                

Method of collection                  
               

1                

Friendship                

share                

information, obtain device serial number, obtain sensor information                

SDK                  
               

2                

Meizu                

Push                

Device information                

SDK                

3                

Gaode map                

Locate the navigation                

Location Information                

SDK                

4                

Sina Weibo                

share                

Information                

SDK                

5                

Tencent Mobile Open Platform                

Share, pay                

Information, payment amount                

SDK                

6                

华为hmf tasks                

Performance testing                

Device information                

SDK                

7                

Tencent QQ Internet                

share                

Information                

SDK                

8                

Bang Bang Anti-Hijacking SDK                

Prevent decompilation                

Device information                

SDK                

9                

Huawei HMS                

Push                

Device information                

SDK                

10                

vivo push                

Push                

Device information                

SDK                

11                

Share on WeChat                

share                

Information                

SDK                

12                

WeChat Pay                

pay                

Device information, payment amount                

SDK                

13                

UnionPay payment                

pay                

Device information, payment amount                

SDK                

14                

Alipay                

pay                

Device information, payment amount                

SDK                

15                

Xiaomi Push                

Push                

Device information                

SDK                

16                

Huawei push                

Push                

Device information                

SDK                

17                

pushes                

Push                

Device information, read and write external storage information of the mobile phone                

SDK                

18                

Samsung                

Push                

Device information                

SDK                

19                

com.efs                

Umeng components, share                

Device information                

SDK                

20                

Friendship                

navigation                

Get your gyroscope sensor information                

SDK                

21                

Oppo push                

Push                

Device information                

SDK                


(2) Transfer

We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization or individual, except in the following circumstances:

1. Obtain your separate and explicit consent or authorization in advance: After obtaining your separate and explicit consent, we will transfer your personal information to other parties. If required by law, we will inform you and obtain your explicit and separate consent before transferring sensitive information.

2. Provision is necessary in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, legal process requirements, mandatory administrative or judicial requirements, or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

3. Comply with the relevant agreements signed with you (including the electronic agreements signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(d); You are fully aware that we do not need to obtain your authorization and consent to collect and use personal information under the following circumstances:

1. Related to national security and national defense security;

2. Related to public safety, public health, or major public interests;

3. Related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments;

4. For the purpose of protecting the life, property, or other major lawful rights and interests of the personal information subject or other individuals, but it is difficult to obtain the consent of the individual;

5. The personal information collected is disclosed to the public by the personal information subject himself/herself;

6. Your personal information collected from legally and publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure and other channels;

7. It is necessary to sign a contract according to your requirements;

8. Necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products and/or services provided, such as discovering and disposing of faults of products and/or services;

9. It is necessary for legitimate news reporting;

10. When it is necessary for academic research institutions to carry out statistical or academic research based on the public interest, and when the results of academic research or descriptions are provided to the public, the personal information contained in the results is de-identified;

11. Other circumstances stipulated by laws and regulations.

We may use or share the above information with third parties if we anonymize and desensitize it so that it can no longer identify you or your vehicle, and to ensure that it does not infringe on your personal privacy and other legal rights and does not violate the provisions of the law.

 

二、我们如何使用 Cookie 和同类技术

This Cookie Notice explains how we use cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our websites and related applications, as well as what technologies these applications use and why we use them.

We use cookies and other technologies to ensure the best user experience. Cookies help keep your account secure. By continuing to use our Services, you consent to the use of cookies and related technologies for the purposes described in this Policy.

 

1. What is the purpose of cookies? ：

Cookies are used for a wide range of purposes, such as recognizing users when they use our websites and related applications, saving preferences, and providing a good user experience. Cookies improve security and speed when users interact with a website. In addition, we may use cookies to show you ads on and off the Site, as well as to provide a variety of customisation features, including related plug-ins such as the "Share" button.

(1) Authorization: When you log in to the relevant application, we can provide accurate information through cookies to provide you with a good experience.

(2) Security measures: Cookies enable and support security functions and assist in the detection of malicious behavior and violations of user agreements on the Internet.

(3) Preferences, Features, and Services: Cookies can record your language settings and communication preferences, and can also help you automatically fill in forms on your website. The functionality, statistics and customizations provided by the plug-in are also provided by cookies.

(4) Advertising: Cookies may be used to show you relevant advertisements both on and off the website. We also use cookies to understand whether members return to an ad and take action on the advertiser's website (e.g., to download a white paper or make a purchase). Advertisers may also use cookies to detect whether ads are shown to you, to measure the effectiveness of ads, and to provide us with information about your interactions with ads. We also partner with other websites to show you ads off-site. This way, you can see our ads even after you use a partner site or program.

(5) Website Performance, Analytics and Research: Cookies help understand how websites and plug-ins perform in different locations. When you log in from other websites, applications, computers, mobile devices, etc., we can use cookies to understand, improve, and research our products, features, and services.

2. Frequency of updating the Cookie Statement:

We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time to accommodate changes in circumstances, for example, changes in the cookies we use or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Therefore, please revisit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.

The date at the top of this Cookie Notice indicates when it was last updated.

3. We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this Privacy Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can clear all cookies saved when using Zhaopin's website and related applications by modifying the settings of the website and related applications; Alternatively, you can clear all cookies stored by the website or related app. However, if you do so, you may need to change your user settings every time you visit the website and related applications, and the corresponding information you have previously recorded will also be deleted, which may have a certain impact on the security of the services you use.

 

III. How We Share, Transfer, and Publicly Disclose Your Personal Information

(1) Information sharing: 

1. We will sign strict confidentiality agreements with companies, organizations and individuals with whom we share personal information, requiring them to process personal information in accordance with our instructions, this Privacy Policy and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures. We will not share your personal information with any company, organization or individual outside of this Privacy Policy, except in the following circumstances:

(1) Obtain your explicit consent or authorization in advance;

(2) When it is necessary to provide information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, the requirements of legal procedures, or mandatory administrative or judicial requirements;

(3) To the extent permitted by laws and regulations, it is necessary to protect the interests, property or safety of your affiliates or partners, you or other Eastern users or the public from damage;

(4) Only by sharing your information can we realize the core functions of our products and/or services or provide the services you need;

(5) To deal with your disputes or controversies with others at your request;

(6) Comply with the relevant agreements signed with you (including the electronic agreements signed online and the corresponding platform rules) or other legal documents;

(7) used based on academic research;

(8) Use based on the public interest in accordance with laws and regulations.

2. We may share your personal information with our affiliates. However, we will only share personal information that is necessary and is subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. If our affiliates want to change the purpose of processing personal information, they will ask for your authorization and consent again.

3. We may share your account information, device information, location information or other personal information under the following circumstances to ensure the smooth completion of the services provided to you. However, we will only share your personal information for legitimate, legitimate, necessary, specific and explicit purposes, and will only share the personal information necessary to provide services. Our partners are not authorized to use the shared personal information for any other purpose. The information that may be shared may include the following:

(a) relevant service providers, such as companies that store or process information on our behalf, help us provide or improve our services, or operate our business;

(b) potential or actual purchases or acquisitions of businesses and/or direct or indirect shareholders and/or affiliates to enable them to provide services or operate their businesses to you;

(c) relevant third parties as required by law or for the purpose of protecting the safety or rights of you or others;

(d) The user shall allow us to provide the driving information, etc., which cannot be used to identify the individual user to a third party approved by us after statistical processing, for the purpose of analyzing road conditions or providing information services to third parties.

(e) your dealer to assist with the maintenance of your vehicle, to market or to provide dealer maintenance notices;

(f) wireless telecommunications and data service providers in order to contact you and provide you with information about your wireless communications or data services or for marketing purposes;

(g) third-party advertising companies, which may automatically obtain or receive information about your online behavior through different websites at any time (see Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies for more information);

(h) other third parties with whom you consent to us sharing such information, such as third parties (such as your insurer or lender) who need to obtain the information in order to provide you with a service that you specifically requested or ordered;

(i) third parties with whom we enter into a partnership agreement for the purpose of facilitating, enhancing, improving, or expanding our Services or Smart Connect Services;

(j) with respect to your payment information, we will only share your payment information with wireless service providers, payment information processing companies, payment platforms or system providers that are necessary to process, store or manage the payment information, or with potential or actual purchases or acquisitions of our business and indirect shareholders and/or affiliates to enable them to provide services and operate their business; or to comply with a legal obligation, with appropriate third parties;

(k) When authorized distributors, our affiliates and service providers who accept user service applications need to send emails and emails about goods, services or activities to users of Zhilian System for promotional purposes, and we share personal information with the above-mentioned units;

(l) When the service provider needs to send the description and contact information of the value-added service items to the users of Zhaopin by email or email, and we share personal information with the service;

(m) When you apply for Internet traffic safety services through the on-board terminal software, you will provide your personal and vehicle information, including but not limited to VIN, to a third party under the premise of strictly abiding by the confidentiality obligationAfter you open the Internet traffic safety service, you agree to inquire and collect the traffic violation information of you and your vehicle to provide you with Internet traffic safety services such as traffic safety information query and information push, and the use of your information is limited to the purpose of improving products, services and advertising;

 

（二）转让

我们不会将您的个人信息转让给任何公司、组织和个人，但以下情况除外：

1、事先获得您明确的同意或授权；

2、根据适用的法律法规、法律程序的要求、强制性的行政或司法要求所必须的情况进行提供；

3、符合与您签署的相关协议（包括在线签署的电子协议以及相应的平台规则）或其他的法律文件约定所提供；

4、在涉及合并、收购、资产转让或类似的交易时，如涉及到个人信息转让，我们会要求新的持有您个人信息的公司、组织继续受本隐私政策的约束，否则,我们将要求该公司、组织重新向您征求授权同意。

 

（三）公开披露

我们仅会在以下情况下，且采取符合业界标准的安全防护措施的前提下，才会公开披露您的个人信息：

1、根据您的需求，在您明确同意的披露方式下披露您所指定的个人信息；

2、根据法律、法规的要求、强制性的行政执法或司法要求所必须提供您个人信息的情况下，我们可能会依据所要求的个人信息类型和披露方式公开披露您的个人信息。在符合法律法规的前提下，当我们收到上述披露信息的请求时，我们会要求必须出具与之相应的法律文件，如传票或调查函。我们坚信，对于要求我们提供的信息，应该在法律允许的范围内尽可能保持透明。我们对所有的请求都进行了慎重的审查，以确保其具备合法依据，且仅限于执法部门因特定调查目的且有合法权利获取的数据。在法律法规许可的前提下，我们披露的文件均在加密密钥的保护之下。

 

IV. How We Protect Your Personal Information

1. Technical measures for data security

We will adopt security protection measures that comply with industry standards, including the establishment of reasonable systems and specifications and security technologies to prevent your personal information from being accessed and used without authorization, modified, and to avoid data loss or loss.

2. Ability to guarantee security

Security certifications and services. The underlying cloud technology where we store your personal data has passed the Ministry of Public Security's Level 3 Security Classified Protection certification, as well as the ISO27000 certification.

Strengthen security awareness. We also regularly hold security and privacy training courses to raise employees' awareness of the importance of protecting personal information.

3. Handling of security incidents

In order to deal with possible risks such as leakage, damage and loss of personal information, we have formulated a number of systems to clarify the classification and grading standards for security incidents and security vulnerabilities and the corresponding handling procedures. We have also established a special emergency response team for security incidents, and in accordance with the requirements of the security incident handling specifications, we will start security plans for different security incidents, conduct stop loss, analysis, positioning, formulate remedial measures, and cooperate with relevant departments to trace the source and crack down.

In the unfortunate event of a personal information security incident, we will, in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, promptly inform you of the basic situation and possible impact of the security incident, the measures we have taken or will take to deal with it, suggestions for you to prevent and reduce risks on your own, and remedial measures for you. At the same time, we will promptly inform you of the relevant circumstances of the incident by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc., and if it is difficult to inform the Personal Data Subject one by one, we will take reasonable and effective measures to make an announcement. At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report the handling of personal information security incidents in accordance with the requirements of the regulatory authorities.

4. Information retention period

1) During the user's use of Zhilian services, we will continue to store the user's personal information.

2) When you delete your personal information or cancel your account on your own initiative, we will complete the review of your account cancellation within 2 working days after you successfully apply for account cancellation, and after the review is passed, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. We will only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary to achieve the purposes stated in this Policy, unless it is necessary to extend the retention period or permitted by law. We will anonymize it.

3) When you have any of the following circumstances, we will permanently store your information in accordance with the law.

a) In order to cooperate with the people's procuratorate, public security organs, and state security organs in investigating the criminal acts arising from the user's use of the service, and to better protect the safety of other users' lives and property, when the user voluntarily deletes personal information or cancels the account, we will encrypt and isolate the user's personal information within the statute of limitations for criminal prosecution stipulated in the Criminal Law.

b) If you seriously violate laws and regulations, platform agreements, platform rules, etc., in the process of using the services, your illegal and breach of contract records and the corresponding platform credit records will be permanently kept.

5. Suspension of operations

If the operation is suspended, we will publish an announcement on the Zhaolink APP and related media at least 30 days in advance, and stop collecting personal information in a timely manner. After the cessation of operations, we will stop the commercial use of personal information and anonymize the collected personal information after meeting the minimum retention period stipulated by laws and regulations.

6. When allowing service providers to use personal information based on the provisions of the preceding paragraph, we shall strive to prevent the loss, destruction, falsification, and omission of personal information by the service provider, and require the service provider to comply with laws, regulations, and other policies related to the protection of personal information.

 

V. Your Rights

1. View personal information: You can view personal information, basic vehicle information, license plate information, real-name authentication status information, and account information through the personal center of the Zhilian App and the Zhilian EV-APP

2. Correction of personal information: When you need to update your personal information, vehicle information, license plate information, real-name authentication information, and account information, you have the right to update or correct it. You can contact the customer service team or correct or modify your personal information by yourself on the Zhilian APP.

3. Deletion of personal information: If you wish to delete your personal information, you can unbind it online or delete the information by yourself. If the minimum retention period required by laws and regulations is met, we will delete or anonymize your personal information. Within the minimum retention period required by the above laws and regulations, we will no longer use your personal information commercially.

4. Withdrawal of consent: We will protect the user's right to withdraw consent in the following ways

1) You can withdraw the authorization of the platform to obtain your personal information through the system settings function to turn off the corresponding device permissions (including location, contacts, photos, camera, notifications, etc.).

2) You can also revoke some authorizations by unbinding, deleting information, etc

3) After you withdraw your consent or authorization, we may not be able to continue to provide you with the services corresponding to the withdrawal of authorization. However, your withdrawal of consent or authorization will not affect the processing of personal information based on your consent before the withdrawal

5. Account cancellation: You can apply for account cancellation through the customer service contact information at the end of this article or the online customer service of the Zhilian APP. Unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, we will stop providing services to you after the account is cancelled, and we will keep your personal information for 6 months in accordance with the period agreed in this Agreement, after which we will anonymize your personal information

6. If you are unable to access, correct, or delete your personal information, withdraw your consent, or cancel your account through the above methods, you can contact our customer service team online or by phone through the "Customer Service" function of the mobile client. Our customer service team may need to verify your identity and respond or process you after verifying your identity

7. When the Company is required to disclose the user's personal information and driving information in accordance with laws and regulations, the Company may disclose the user's personal information if the Company deems the request to be reasonable (for example, in the event of a major event that affects normal business, infringes on the rights of the user, or involves the interests of the general public, and it is necessary to disclose the personal information of the user).

 

6. How we process the personal information of minors

1. We attach great importance to the protection of minors' personal information. If you are a minor under the age of 18, we will refuse your authentication and use, and you should obtain the written consent of your parent or legal guardian before using our products and/or services. We will protect the personal information of minors in accordance with the provisions of relevant national laws and regulations.

2. For the collection of minors' personal information with the consent of their parents or legal guardians, we will only use or publicly disclose this information when permitted by law, with the explicit consent of parents or guardians, or when it is necessary to protect minors.

3. We will protect the personal information of minors in accordance with relevant national laws and regulations. If we find that we have collected personal information from minors without the prior consent of a verifiable parent or legal guardian, we will try to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.

 

7. How your personal information is transferred globally

Your personal information collected by us will only be stored and used in Chinese mainland. At present, there is no scenario for Zhaoconnect to provide personal information overseas. If the transfer of personal information overseas is involved in the future, we will clearly inform you of the purpose, recipient, security measures, etc. of the personal information exported abroad, and obtain your consent separately.

 

8. Self-start and associated start instructions:

In order to ensure that the application can normally receive the broadcast information pushed by the client when it is closed or running in the background, the application must use the (self-start) capability, and there will be a certain frequency of broadcasting through the system to wake up the application to self-start or associate the startup behavior, which is necessary for the realization of functions and services.


9. How this Privacy Policy is updated

As our Services expand or change, or as required by law, we may need to update the Privacy Statement from time to time and publish the latest updated version on the Connected EV System, which will be a reasonable and effective way for the Company to keep you informed of such changes. You should check regularly to see if updates have been made. If you have any questions or do not agree with our modifications, please contact us. Your refusal to accept our modifications may result in the inability to provide some or all of the Services.

 

10. How to contact us

Company name: Dongchuang Zilian (Wuhan) New Energy Technology Co., Ltd

Company address: No. B6401, Chuanggu Start-up Zone, Taizihu Cultural and Digital Creative Industrial Park, No. 18 Shenlong Avenue, Wuhan Economic and Technological Development Zone, Hubei Province

If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about this Personal Information Protection Policy or matters related to your personal information, please contact us by calling our customer service hotline 4000273777.

 

In general, we will reply within fifteen days. If you are not satisfied with our reply, especially if you believe that our personal information processing has harmed your legitimate rights and interests, you may also file a complaint or report to the regulatory authorities such as telecommunications, internet information, public security and market supervision and administration.

 

Shenzhen Lianyou Technology Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Branch are subsidiaries of Dongfeng Southern Group, which provide EV Zhilian APP development and operation services to Dongchuang Zilian (Wuhan) New Energy Technology Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd.


