Privacy Policy of BimmerLink App
This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.


This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser.

Owner and Data Controller
SG Software GmbH & Co. KG
Linsenäcker 18/1
72379 Hechingen

Owner contact email: info@sgsoftware.io

Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies; Usage Data; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); geographic position.

Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.
Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document.

Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application.

Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this Application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.

Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.

Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.

Retention time
Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent.

The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Analytics and Infrastructure monitoring.

For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”.

Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:

Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.

Fabric Answers (Google LLC)
Fabric Answers is an analytics service provided by Crashlytics, a business division of Google LLC.
In order to understand Google's use of Data, consult Google's partner policy.

This service is designed for mobile apps analytics and can collect various information about your phone, highlighted in the Fabric Answers privacy policy.
In particular, this Application uses identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Fabric Answers service. Fabric Answers may share Data with other tools provided by Fabric/Crashlytics, such as Crashlytics or Twitter. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner.
Users may opt-out of certain Fabric Answers features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other Fabric related sections of this privacy policy, if available.

Personal Data processed: Cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Application to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Application.

Crashlytics (Google LLC)
Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC.

Personal Data processed: geographic position; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy.

Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.

Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.

System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.

Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.

Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within this Application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.

Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.

Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.

Usage Data
Information collected automatically through this Application (or third-party services employed in this Application), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.

User
The individual using this Application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.

Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.

Data Processor (or Processor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.

Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.

This Application
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.

Service
The service provided by this Application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.

European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.

Cookie
Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser.

Tracker
Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device.

Legal information
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application, if not stated otherwise within this document.

Latest update: June 17, 2020

iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.
