Privacy Policy 
 Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "we" or "Dongfeng Liuzhou Automobile"), common office address: No. 286, Pingshan Avenue, Yufeng District, Liuzhou City, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, contact number: 400- 8877-668. Thank you for your interest in our products and your friendly visit to AI Fengxing APP. We fully respect and protect your personal privacy and have formulated this privacy policy (hereinafter referred to as "this policy"), which we remind you to read carefully. In providing you with quality products and services, we will collect, use, share, store and protect your personal information in accordance with this Policy. This Policy will help you understand what we do with your personal information and provide you with access to and control over your personal information. This policy applies to personal information we collect through the AI Windy APP or provided directly by users, but this policy does not apply to: (1) products and services offered to you by any third party; and (2) specific products and services that have separate privacy policies and those policies are not incorporated into this policy. Please read and fully understand this policy before accessing the App. By continuing to browse the App or choosing to purchase and use the products and services we offer through the App, you are agreeing to our use and protection of your personal information in accordance with this Policy. If you have any questions about this policy, or if you have any complaints or suggestions, please contact us through the contact information shown in this policy. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you: 1. how we collect and use your personal information 2. how we use cookies and similar technologies 3. how we share, transfer and disclose your personal information 4. the use of third party services for information processing 5. how we protect your personal information 6. how we access and control your personal information 7. how your personal information is transferred globally 8. How we collect and use your personal information For the purposes of this policy, "personal information" means all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise in relation to an identified or identifiable natural person, excluding information that has been anonymized. "Sensitive personal information" means personal information that, if leaked or used unlawfully, could easily lead to the violation of a natural person's human dignity or endanger the safety of his or her person or property, including biometric, religious, specific identity, medical and health, financial account, and whereabouts information; we may collect and use your personal information in the following scenarios We will collect and use your personal information in the following scenarios. When you visit our APP, our server will automatically record the browsing history of your use, the record of the pages you visit when you visit our APP, and the date and length of your visit. Please understand that this information is the basic information that must be collected in order to maintain the normal and stable operation of the products or services we provide and to protect the safety and legitimate interests of you or other users or the public. When you use the services we provide, our system may automatically collect the following information through the SDK or other means: 1.1.1 Device and Log Information To make your access experience easier, the system may automatically collect technical information when you use our services, including: device or software information, such as your device information: including device model, device manufacturer, unique device identifier (such as IMEI / Android ID / MAC address / IDFA / OPENUDID / OAID / IMSI information), hardware serial number, SSID, task information, device MAC address, OS type and model, screen resolution, telecom carrier, software installation list, software version number, system language, SDK card capacity. We will collect the above information every time you log in your account or open the APP. (1) IMEI acquisition method: the first time you start, registration, login interface pop-up system permission way, the APP can obtain after the user allows. Acquisition purpose: to count the number of APP software users are using and determine whether it is the same device. (2) MAC address Acquisition method: open Wifi and Bluetooth connection. Purpose of acquisition: MAC address is associated with the user's cell phone and other commonly used devices to maintain normal network communication and Bluetooth connection 1.1.2 Location information In order to try to protect your account security and make your access experience safer, the information we collect about your location when you turn on the device location function and use the related services we provide based on location, such as finding a car, locating charging piles and other functions. For example, when you use our services through mobile devices with location-based features, the information we collect about your geographic location through GPS or network types such as WiFi / 4G / 5G, etc. We collect this information every time you open the AI Windy App. You can stop our collection of your geographic location information at any time by turning off the location function. 1.2 Registration and Login When you register, log in to our App and use related services, you need to provide your cell phone number to complete the registration of your AI Breeze account. If you refuse to provide your cell phone number to complete the registration and login, we may not be able to provide you with the relevant functions or services of the App. AI Windy's [Device Single Sign-On] function requires obtaining the user's IMEI for mutual account kicking to ensure that the same account can only be logged in one device to improve security. You can also register an account by logging into WeChat, we will need you to grant access to certain information about you from WeChat, your avatar, nickname, gender and other configuration information that you are authorized to provide. If you do not want to give us access to WeChat, you can register directly on our application. For all your privacy controls and options in your WeChat account, and its specific privacy provisions, please refer to their privacy policy; 1.3 Real Name Authentication In order to protect the security of your account and facilitate the use of vehicle Telematics features, we provide you with a convenient in-vehicle IoT card real name authentication function, which requires you to provide us or allow us to collect the necessary information including your identity document information, real name authentication The process of real name authentication requires real name verification through face recognition, face verification service uses the service capability of China Unicom, we do not store and collect your face information, we only receive the verification results, if you refuse to provide, we will not be able to provide you with real name authentication service, you will not be able to use the car control and other car connected functions provided by this APP. 1.4 Additional business functions based on the permission of device album When you use the business functions of modifying your personal avatar, saving the data recorded by the car recorder, adding vehicles and real name authentication, we will need to obtain the permission of your device album and collect the graphic content information (personal information) provided by you. If you refuse to provide it, you will not be able to use the function. The album permission is a setting on your device, which you can manage through the device settings page. If you enable this permission, you authorize us to access, obtain, collect and use your personal information; when you cancel this authorization, we will no longer collect this information and will no longer be able to provide you with the above-mentioned services; however, unless you delete your personal information in accordance with the law, your cancellation will not affect our processing and storage of personal information based on your previous authorization. . 1.5 Additional business functions based on Bluetooth permission When you use Bluetooth key through AI Wind App, we may need to open the Bluetooth permission of your mobile device. You may not be able to use the corresponding function if you do not provide read Bluetooth permission. 1.6 Function based on network permission: When you are connecting to the server through AI Windy App to initiate network request, we may need to turn on the network permission of your mobile device. If you do not provide network permission, you may not be able to use the relevant functions. 1.7 Functions based on camera permission: When you perform real-name authentication, vehicle binding, in-car center control screen account login, or change personal account avatar function through AI Windy App, we may need to open the camera permission of your mobile device. You may not be able to use the relevant functions if you do not provide network permission. 1.8 Function based on Wi-Fi permission: When you use the car recorder function through AI Wind App, we may need to open the Wi-Fi permission of your mobile device. If Wi-Fi permission is not provided you may not be able to use the relevant functions. 1.9 Microphone-based function: You can choose microphone device to perform scenario-specific voice input and communication (voice search, voice message). 1.10 Phone-based function: When you use the after-sales hotline and network inquiry function to make a call through AI Wind App, we may need to open the phone permission of your mobile device. If you do not provide the phone number you may not be able to use the relevant functions. 1.11 Owner Service (1) We may collect your remote control log, vehicle status information and vehicle location information when you use the App to remotely control your vehicle, check the vehicle status and locate the vehicle. Please be aware that we collect the above information mainly to provide you with troubleshooting and repair services. This information ("vehicle log information") is usually associated with the vehicle's vehicle identification number (VIN) and therefore may be traceable to you. Currently, we may collect information from your vehicle records in the following scenarios: - Security information (whether doors and windows are locked or open) to determine the security status of your vehicle for your remote control. - System function status (engine, air conditioning, heated seats, flashing lights and horn, information traffic) to help you determine the status of your vehicle's systems or to see how much information traffic is being used. - Driving information (mileage, fuel consumption, power consumption), used to help you view the working condition of the vehicle. - Location information (vehicle location), used to help you find the location of the vehicle. - Environmental information (vehicle internal temperature), to help you monitor the temperature status of the vehicle when the air conditioning is turned on remotely. (2) In order to provide you with certain services or features listed below (which may vary based on actual business changes), we may need to collect and use the corresponding types of information (including personal information) from you. Such information may contain sensitive personal information: (cell phone number, GPS location information, real-time navigation information), if you refuse to provide this information will prevent you from using the specific services or features, but does not affect the normal use of other services or features. Currently, we may need to collect your information in the following scenarios: - When you use the log function, we need to obtain the single driving time, average fuel consumption, driving track. - When you use the function of remote control vehicle, we need to get your cell phone number, vehicle basic information (including vehicle type, make and model, vehicle identification code) for matching to verify your identity information with the vehicle. - When you use the map service's location search and route finding function, we need to obtain your vehicle GPS positioning information, navigation destination, location search records, real-time navigation information, driving trajectory, which is used to provide you with navigation. - When you use the traffic inquiry and the payment function of purchasing traffic pack, we need to get the information of vehicle traffic and SIM card information of the vehicle. When you use the above-mentioned functions or other specific functions, we will also record and save your usage behavior information and log information, please be aware that such behavior information and log information are necessary to realize the above-mentioned functions or other specific functions. (3) Viewing official and user information ("Recommend" function) "Recommend" provides users with an alternative to viewing official information and information posted by users. If you use this function, we will collect your relevant browsing history to provide you with a browsing history. If you do not provide your browsing history, you may not be able to use this service. (4) Adding and sharing function ("Mall" function) In the process of browsing AI Feng Xing App - "Mall", you can choose to add goods and/or services of interest to your shopping cart and share information about goods/services to third parties through the functional components provided by us. Share information about products/services with third parties through the functional components we provide. In the course of your use of the above features, we may collect information including your add-to-cart records and shared service logs for the above-mentioned features and other purposes as expressly stated by us. You can delete your added information in the shopping cart. (5) Payment function ("mall" function) You can have two choices for order payment: payment by points or payment by WeChat. In order to complete the order payment, you need to bind your WeChat account and choose the payment method. In the process of your payment, we will collect your order number and order amount to complete the whole payment process (for payment-related agreements, please check the "Platform Use Agreement" and "Payment Service Agreement" of WeChat Payment Merchant Platform). (6) Participate in activities ("Discover" function) The "Activities" function provides you with the information of activities released by Fengxing. If you sign up for related activities, according to the specific requirements of the activities, we may collect your ID number, cell phone number, vehicle VIN code information, if you do not provide relevant information, you may not be able to sign up for related activities; (7) boutique mall ("mall" function) You can "mall" function in the "We will collect the recipient's name, cell phone number, location, detailed address, purchase history, as well as points information and payment information to provide you with the function of purchase and query history. If you do not provide the relevant information, you may not be able to achieve the purchase function; (8) Customer service function In order to respond to your inquiries and requests, and to make service visits to you, you can choose to use the customer service function, if you use the customer service function, we need to collect your communication information with us (such as: photos, videos, voice and location sent during the communication process), consultation records, and your cell phone number; (9) Recommended car function You can recommend car models to your friends and relatives in the "recommended car" function, in order to achieve this function, you may need to provide us with information such as the cell phone number of the referee and the name of the referee. If you don't provide the relevant information, you can't recommend a car through AI Fengxing App. (10) Appointment to the store You can make an appointment for repair/maintenance/service activities in the "Service-Appointment to the store" function. In order to provide you with the appointment service, you need to provide the owner's name, owner's cell phone number, vehicle VIN number and license plate number; if you do not provide the relevant personal information, you may not be able to make an appointment through AI Wind App; (11) Emergency Assistance You can order the emergency assistance service in the "My Services - Emergency Assistance" function. In order to provide you with emergency rescue service, you need to provide the owner's name, owner's cell phone number, vehicle VIN number and license plate number; if you do not provide relevant personal information, you may not be able to order relevant services through AI Wind App; AI Wind App for test drive appointment; (