Privacy Policy 
 Reading Auto App Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Updated September 21, 2022 Effective September 21, 2022 General Reading Auto values and is committed to protecting the privacy of its users, and users may collect and use information about them when using Reading Auto's services. Reading Auto would like to explain to users how Reading Auto collects, uses, stores and shares this information when users use the Services, and the ways Reading Auto provides users with access to, updates, controls and protects this information. Reading Auto will take reasonable measures to protect the user's personal privacy information and will not disclose or reveal the user's personal privacy information to third parties other than its partners without the user's consent, except as required by law or government departments with legally granted authority or for reasons such as the user's consent. However, unless the user chooses to agree to it during registration or otherwise agreed between the user and Redding Auto and the cooperative unit regarding the disclosure or use of the user's personal privacy information, the user shall bear any risks that may arise as a result, for which Redding Auto is not responsible. Before using the services of Reading Auto, please read and thoroughly understand this policy, and use the relevant services after confirming that you fully understand and agree to it. By using or continuing to use Reading Auto's services, the user fully understands and agrees to Reading Auto's collection, use, storage and sharing of information about the user in accordance with this Agreement. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact Reading Auto through the contact information in this Agreement, on the website, or through the Reading Auto feedback feature. This Privacy Policy section will help you understand the following, among which, important terms regarding your personal information rights and interests have been bolded by Reading Auto, please pay special attention to: I. How personal information is collected and used How personal information is collected and used II. How to use cookies and other similar technologies III. How to disclose and share users' personal information to third parties IV. How to store personal information V. How to protect the security of personal information VI. Managing your personal information VII. Protection of minors' information VIII. Updates to the Privacy Policy IX. Contact Us I. How Personal Information is Collected and Used How Personal Information is Collected and Used Personal information is all kinds of information recorded electronically or otherwise that can identify a specific natural person or reflect the activities of a specific natural person, either alone or in combination with other information. Reading Auto collects information that you provide on your own initiative when using Reading Auto services and through automated means in the course of receiving services or using functions in the following manner: 1.1 Online Car Purchase Service 1.1.1 Register as a User When you use Reading Auto, you need to create an account through your cell phone number, and Reading Auto will collect some information that you provide to Reading Auto on your own initiative or in combination The purpose of collecting this information is to help you complete your registration and to provide you with products and services that are exclusively for registered users on a continuous and stable basis, and to ensure the security of your account. If you refuse to provide your cell phone number and verification code, you will not be able to use this feature, so please consider carefully before providing it. After your registration is complete, you can choose your avatar, nickname, gender and birthday to improve your information according to your needs. If you are only doing basic browsing within Reading Motors' products and services, you do not need to register for an account or provide the above information. You may also use a third-party account to log in and use, and you authorize Reading Auto to obtain your public information (avatar, nickname and user ID) registered on the third-party platform for binding to your Reading Auto account, so that you can directly log in and use Reading Auto products and related services. The above information provided by you will be obtained once when you submit your registration and will be continuously authorized for use by Reading Auto during your use of the Service. Reading Auto will retain your information until you cancel your account. When you cancel your account, Redding Cars will cease using and delete the above information. 1.1.2 Authentication as an owner When you use the owner-related services, according to laws and regulations, you need to provide your real identity information (cell phone number, ICCID (authorized vehicle information), vehicle VIN code) to complete real name verification. After completing the owner authentication, you will be displayed on Reading Auto, such as car lock, door, window, trunk open/close status, remaining power, rangeable mileage, vehicle history driving record information. If you do not provide this sensitive information, you will not be able to use the car control related services, but it will not affect your access to the basic functions and services of Reading car. The information you provide above will be obtained once during your identity verification submission and will be continuously authorized to Reading Auto for the duration of your use of the Service. Reading Auto will retain your information until you cancel your account. When you cancel your account, Redding Cars will cease using and delete the above information. 1.1.3 Submitting an Order When you need to purchase a car and submit an order for the entire vehicle, you will need to provide your name, cell phone number, dealership store, and record the model and configuration information you have selected. The above information will help you to complete the transaction smoothly, protect your transaction security, facilitate the inquiry of order information, provide you with customer service, after-sales service and other purposes clearly informed by Reading Auto. If you do not provide the relevant information, you will not be able to pre-purchase a vehicle through Reading Motors. At the same time, after you submit your order, when you choose to pay the order deposit, Reading Auto will collect your payment method and payment amount information from the third-party platform to keep your payment vouchers to realize your purpose of pre-purchasing the car. The above information provided by you will be obtained once when you submit your order and will be continuously authorized for use by Reading Auto during your use of the Service. Reading Auto will retain your information until you cancel your account. When you cancel your account, Redding Cars will stop using and delete the above information. 1.2 Social Interaction Service The discovery page includes the home page, events and information, which are designed to allow users to better understand Reading Motors and participate in the Reading Motors family, and Reading Motors will obtain your comments and likes when you browse, comment and like articles. In order to provide you with community services, Reading Auto will collect your device identification (device model, hardware device serial number, OS version, device settings, MAC address and IMEI, IDFA, OAID, device environment, mobile application list) for basic services, monitoring abnormal account login and correlating user behavior. When you make an active comment, Redding Motors may ask you to allow camera and storage permissions for collecting your album artwork for active comments. If you choose not to allow this, then you may also view content uploaded on the official Redding Cars website and it will not affect your access to basic Redding Cars features and services. The above information provided by you will be obtained once when you browse, comment and like, and will be continuously authorized to Reading Auto for the duration of your use of the Service, and Reading Auto will keep your information until you cancel your account. When you cancel your account, Reading Auto will stop using and delete the above information. 1.3 Car Service When you use the Remote Vehicle Service, you need to obtain your location information and vehicle status for remote control and monitoring of your vehicle, such as remote car search, unlocking, starting and shutting down the vehicle power, and remotely switching on and off the air conditioner. If you do not provide such information, you will not be able to use the remote control service, but it will not affect you to use the basic functions and services of APP. 1.4 Shopping Mall You can purchase related products in the "Shopping Mall" function, and use points and cash to fulfill the order and transaction, you need to provide the recipient's name, cell phone number, delivery details address, transaction and consumption records and points and cash income and expenditure information. If you do not provide the relevant information, you may not be able to realize the purchase function, but it will not affect your use of the basic functions and services of Reading Motors. 1.5 Test Drive Appointment You can participate in Reading Auto's test drive appointment. Reading Auto will collect your name, gender, cell phone number, verification code, test drive city and test drive store, which will be used to arrange a reasonable test drive time and location for you. Please note that if you do not provide such information, you will not be able to use the relevant services normally, but it will not affect your normal use of other services provided by Reading Auto. 1.6 Customer Service Features When you contact Reading Auto's customer service, Reading Auto needs you to provide necessary personal information (such as cell phone number, order information) to verify your identity; record your feedback questions and save your call records and related contents (including text/picture/audio/video) with customer service personnel. This information will be better used for fact-finding and solving your problems, and will not be used for other purposes. If you refuse to provide it, it may result in your inability to use the customer service and other user response mechanisms of Reading Auto. 1.7 Device Permission Settings In order to provide the relevant products and services, in addition to the information you provide yourself, Reading Auto requires the use of system permissions that are only turned on with your express authorization and will only collect information from you when required for the relevant function or service. Your refusal to provide such additional features will prevent you from using them, but will not affect your normal use of other features of the Reading car. These system permissions and extensions include: 1.7.1 Storage Permissions When you authorize access to the contents of your memory card, you can use this feature to upload photos/pictures from your device for feedback, event feedback, and avatar change functions. If you do not enable this permission, you will not be able to use the functions related to memory card reading or caching, but it will not affect your access to the basic functions and services of Reading car. 1.7.2 Camera Permissions When you upload/modify your avatar or when you give feedback, activity feedback and report feedback, Redding Auto will need to obtain your device camera permission and collect the image information (personal information) you provide for analysis. If you do not open this permission, it will affect your experience, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Reading Auto. 1.7.3 Location permission When you authorize to read the location access permission, you can get accurate information service and location identification experience, such as remote car search, find incoming dealer stores. If you do not open this permission, it will affect your experience, but it does not affect your normal use of other functions of Reading Auto. 18 Security Service 1.8.1 Device and Log Information In order to ensure the safe operation of Reading Auto products and services, to provide you with a safe and reliable product and usage environment, to monitor the abnormal login and associated user behavior of APP account, to improve the usage experience, such as providing the smart hardware/software you need, page display, Reading Auto will collect your device information or log information, mobile device version used, hardware model, device brand, device model, screen resolution, MAC address, network type, device unique identification code (such as IMEI/android ID (operating system version number, this content will be obtained during the activity feedback)/IDFA/OPENUDID/IDFV/factory serial number, to obtain IMEI some phones will be prompted to apply for reading call status (Permission) SIM card IMSI information, network operator information, IP address, operation, use log. In order to prevent malicious programs and necessary for safe operation, Reading Auto collects information on installed applications or running processes, overall operation of applications, overall installation and use, use and frequency, application crashes, application sources, and performance data. In order to better improve your access speed and save your network traffic in the process of using the software, Redding Auto will try to apply for read SD card permission and write SD card permission to cache some network data, if you refuse to provide it, it may affect the experience of using the software and may increase your network traffic usage. In addition to the uses described above, your personal information will help: help Reading Motors design new services and improve existing services; enable Reading Motors to better understand how you access and use Reading Motors' services so that it can respond to your needs in a targeted manner, such as language settings, location settings, help services and instructions, or otherwise respond to you and other users; software certification or management software upgrades; engage you in Surveys about Reading Automotive products and services. The information you provide above will be obtained once when the App is launched and will be licensed to Reading Auto on an ongoing basis for the duration of your use of the Service. Reading Auto will retain your information until you cancel your account. When you cancel your account, Reading Auto will stop using and delete the above information. You may also refuse to allow Redding Auto to access your information again by turning off the appropriate authorization in the system settings screen of your cell phone.  2.2 The SDK technology is provided by a third-party organization that works with Redding Motors, and Redding Motors is only aware of the permissions it requires to obtain authorization. The third party will need to collect information from you, and Reading Auto will only be aware of the sensitive information it expressly discloses to Reading Auto for collection. 2.3 Integration with third party SDK uni-app (5+, web2app) (io.dcloud): reads stored personal files, device information (IMEI, MAC address, ANDROID_ID, DEVICE_ID, IMSI), network information. This module is the base module of Redding car, other functions are developed based on it, so you will not be able to use the APP normally without it. Privacy policy link: https://ask.dcloud.net.cn/article/36937 Gaode Open Platform (com.amap.api,com.loc.api,com. autonavi.api): read cell phone status and identity, network information, mobile device country code MCC + mobile device network code MNC, IMSI, running process, packagename, base station information (base station number, location area, signal), external file storage directory information, network device hardware MAC address, RSSI (signal strength) location information (GPS information), precise geographic location information, approximate geographic location information, BSSID,SSID, location latitude and longitude, WiFi list, storage file, directory, space status, hardware device serial number, device information, map call for vehicle control seek function, active location map display and navigation, dealer location map display, monitoring APP account abnormal login and Associated user behavior functions. If you do not authorize it, you will not be able to use the vehicle location-based car search and dealership store location viewing functions, which will not affect the basic use of the APP, but will affect the user experience. Privacy policy link: 